Student Services - Student Life - The University of Texas at Arlington
Student Services
Everything you need to make the most of your time as a student (and beyond) is all on campus. Below are a few resources to get you started.
Academic Success
Your home for academic and personal resources at UT Arlington. Stop by to meet with an advisor or set a tutoring appointment - all in one convenient location in the heart of campus.
Success Tools
Career Development Center
Prepares you as a student and as an alumni for professional success. The Career Development Center creates connections with future employers through innovative programs and events including mock interviews, job fairs, one-on-one appointments, Career Spot drop-ins, the mentoring program called MavMentors, networking nights, and more.
Career Development Center
Graduate Studies
You’re putting a lot of effort into going to the next level. The least we can do is assist you with writing, teaching, research, thesis and dissertation work, and preparing for the perfect career.
Graduate Studies
Office of Information Technology
We can help you manage your accounts and passwords. We provide training sessions, orientations, and workshops. We maintain more than 500 computers in nine computer labs on campus, bringing access to the entire UTA community.
Office of Information Technology
Kinesiology Major
Meet Amaris
I chose UTA so that I could have a fun college experience not too close and not too far from home. I was so excited to be in the center of the DFW Metroplex, and one of the biggest reasons I came to UTA was the level of diversity among staff and students.
I love being a Maverick because UTA provides resources, safety, and fun to all their students, although this year has been rocky. UTA is doing a great job of making the best of the situation!
Get Involved
MORE SERVICES
Counseling and Psychological Services
Health Services
Mav Express Card
Parking and Shuttles
Records and Registration
Title IX
Student Handshake Jobs
Students with Disabilities
Tutoring
Veteran Services
UTA Bookstore
Textbooks? Check. Shirts and caps? Check. Plush toys? Check. Printer ink and anything else you could need to write that paper except for the time to do it? Well, you get the idea.
Shop Now
Student Life
Overview
Activities and Engagement
Health and Recreation
Student Services
Veteran Services
Traditions
Student Affairs