Gift empowers UTA students overcoming hardship - News Center - The University of Texas at Arlington
Gift empowers UTA students overcoming hardship
Support from Communities Foundation of Texas boosts UT Arlington aid for students overcoming foster care and housing insecurity
Tuesday, Apr 08, 2025
 • Cristal Gonzalez :
contact
UTA student Angel Jefferson and Provost Tamara L. Brown
The University of Texas at Arlington’s Emerging Mavericks program, launched a year ago to support students who have aged out of the foster care system or experienced homelessness, received a $250,000 gift from Communities Foundation of Texas on Tuesday.
The gift will enhance vital resources such as temporary housing, access to health and wellness services and mentoring, along with career counseling and academic support, ensuring students can focus on their education and personal growth.
Provost Brown in the center
During a press conference and panel discussion at the Communities Foundation of Texas headquarters in Dallas, UT Arlington Provost Tamara L. Brown accepted the gift alongside Harold Bryant, the Emerging Mavericks program manager, and Angel Jefferson, a UTA broadcasting student who has benefitted from the program.
Related:
Hope and help for UTA students in need
Dr. Brown also participated in the panel discussion focused on innovative approaches to improving education outcomes.
“We are beyond grateful for the support the Communities Foundation of Texas is providing to help UTA meet the needs of these students in the Emerging Mavericks program,” she said. “The support and resources that students receive in the program with Harold’s assistance are life-changing and represent our commitment to ensure all our students succeed in their academic, personal and professional lives.”
The Emerging Mavericks program was established to provide a network of essential services that empower UTA students to thrive academically and professionally.
Related:
A path to teacher certification gets a major boost
“This gift from the Communities Foundation of Texas is truly transformative. It allows us to deepen our support for students who have experience with foster care and homelessness by expanding access to holistic resources, mentorship and academic success programming,” Bryant said. “It’s more than a financial boost to the program—it’s a statement of belief in our students’ potential and a catalyst for their continued growth.”
From left to right: Robert Kent, chief philanthropy officer at Communities Foundation of Texas; Angel Jefferson; Provost Brown; Harold Bryant, Emerging Mavericks program manager; Wayne White, president and chief executive officer at Communities Foundation of Texas; Kerri Briggs, executive director of Educate Texas
Through the program, Jefferson—who said only a few years ago he was spending nights bouncing between friends’ couches, parking garages and public parks—secured temporary on-campus housing, enabling him to enroll in summer classes and work at The Shorthorn, UTA’s student-run newspaper.
“Through the Emerging Mavericks program, I’ve found a great sense of belonging and life wisdom,” Jefferson said. “Harold helped me secure summer housing during a period when I thought I would be homeless, and he helped eliminate the anxiety about my future as a college student. He has supported me in so many ways and has played a key role in my life.”
The gift to UTA is part of Communities Foundation of Texas’ recent philanthropic investment in education, supporting various initiatives across North Texas.
“Communities Foundation of Texas is committed to providing opportunities and resources for all Texas students to thrive in school, in a career and in life,” said Wayne White, president and chief executive officer at Communities Foundation of Texas. “This gift to UT Arlington helps expand support for students with experience in the foster care system or who have experienced homelessness to ensure they not only enroll in college, but complete college and have the necessary supports to land a job that is life sustaining after graduation.”
The grant award was made possible by the generous support and legacy of many Communities Foundation of Texas funds: the Patricia A. Bernstein Family Charitable Fund; Jesse North Bigbee Fund; CARITAS Fund; The Mabel Peters Caruth Fund; Margaret A. Davis Memorial Fund; William B. and Jeannette S. Eppler Fund; Jeannette Smith Eppler Charitable Trust Advise and Consult; Donald and Dorothy Fitch Fund; Martin W. and Bettie J. Halsell Fund; Vester T. Hughes, Jr. Charitable Fund; Katie Foundation Fund; Katie Foundation Fund for Religion and Benevolence; Ledbetter / Styron Fund; Lone Star Endowment Fund; Martha D. Lytton Charitable Fund; Albert and Floy Moss Memorial Fund; Leonard Ernest Powell Fund; Principal/ Eppler, Guerin & Turner Fund; Sammons Foundation Fund; Lillie Mae Schwetke Endowment Fund; Jack M. Tuttle, Jr. Fund; Dorothy Volk Charitable Fund; E.G. and Irene H. Wadel Fund; Travis T. Wallace Fund; Mr. and Mrs. W. Robert Wigley Jr. Fund; John D. and Sherry Wigley Crow.