Parent & Family Services - Transfer Nation - The University of Texas at Arlington
Parent & Family Services
Partnering with Maverick Families
We know you are critical partners in your student’s education, and we understand the importance of building a strong relationship with you as soon as your student joins our campus community. Parent & Family Services is dedicated to building and strengthening that relationship by providing opportunities for your family to stay connected, get involved, and seek support. We know that the more informed and connected you are as a family, the better we can work together to help our students achieve their goals. Engaging, educating, and supporting the entire family is three of our top priorities.
Learn More About Us
Family Association
Prospective Students and Families
Learn more about what it means to be a Maverick.
View Prospective Students Resources
Programs and Events
We'd love to see you at our next event!
View Upcoming Events
Family Resources
Explore the different resources we offer to UTA families.
View Family Resources
Impactful Giving
Learn how to pay it forward.
Explore Giving
Maverick Family Stories
Read the stories of our current Maverick families.
Previous
Next
Meet the Morralls -
The Morrall Family
Imagine visiting a college two-and one-half hours away, that you never knew existed, based on the whim of your high school senior! This describes our...
Meet the Morralls
Meet the Rhodes -
The Rhodes Family
We have five (yes, five!) children attending UTA. My husband is a UTA grad and was thrilled when the kids chose to attend his Alma mater. Our four...
Meet the Rhodes
Meet the Klovenskis -
The Klovenski Family
Our daughter Haley is currently finishing up her second year at UTA. Haley is our oldest child so of course choosing the right school and then sending...
Meet the Klovenskis
Meet the Forde-Harrises -
The Forde-Harris Family
Our families experience with the Maverick Parent Association has been impressive. I joined the association during the transfer student orientation. I...
Meet the Forde-Harrises
Meet the Richards -
The Richards Family
Being a part of the Maverick Parent and Family Association and Parent and Family Center has been so important to our family over the last several...
Meet the Richards
Celebrating our Mavericks
We are dedicated to the retention and overall success of all students by promoting academic excellence and fostering lifelong learning. We offer a variety of programs and events that celebrate student involvement, engagement, and achievement. New Mavericks are encouraged to continue our Maverick traditions by participating in several programs and events throughout the year to assist in their smooth transition into life as a Maverick.
New Maverick Orientation
Mavs Meet Convocation During Maverick Stampede
Friends & Family Weekend
Commencement
Join Our Community
The Maverick Parent and Family Association is the best way to stay connected to the UTA and other Mav families.
Become a Member
Renew Your Membership
Maverick Family Merchandise
Get signature t-shirts that directly benefit the UTA Parent & Family Fund. Our signature t-shirt designs are refreshed each year to help build Maverick Family Pride t-shirt collection.
Get Your Shirts Today
General Merchandise
If you are looking for general UTA merchandise, the UTA Bookstore has a wide selection of apparel and gifts. Maverick Parent & Family Association Members receive a 20% discount* for in store purchases with their MPFA Membership Card.
(*MPFA Discount is not eligible for online orders, textbooks, or technology.)
View Bookstore
Maverick Family Connection Portal
The Maverick Family Connection Portal is a FREE Platform accessible to ALL Maverick families.  Learn about important dates and deadlines, connect with interest communities, and learn about transition tips to help support your UTA student.
Create Your Profile Now
Contact Us
300 W 1st St, Arlington, TX 76010
Phone: 817-272-2128
Fax:  817-272-3722
Email: parents@uta.edu
Student & Family Complaints
Follow Us
UTA PFC Facebook
UTA PFC Instagram
Resources for Families
Maverick Family eShop
Buy/Renew Membership
Purchase Family Event Tickets
Campus Map