Visit - Admissions - The University of Texas at Arlington
Visit
Experience all UTA has to offer and why more than 48,000 students call UTA their home. Meet our Trailblazer student tour guides, explore our 420-acre campus, get to know our Maverick community!
Take A Tour of Maverick Country!
Campus, transfer, and graduate tours are available to prospective students and guests. Tours are led by Trailblazer student tour guides – a group of students who can give you the inside scoop on what it’s like to be a Maverick from the best study spots on campus to premium Oozeball tactics (…don’t worry, we’ll explain when you get here!). Our diverse group of Trailblazer students are ready to answer your questions from a UTA student perspective – register for a tour today!
Daily Campus Tours
Guided daily campus tours are offered Monday - Saturday. Registration is recommended, but walk-ins are welcome. Campus tours showcase student life and services, academic buildings, and include a stop at one of our premier residence halls. On Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays, a brief admission information session is included before or after the tour.
Register for Daily Campus Tours
Academic Tours
Our Academic Tours offer admitted first-year and transfer students an engaging 45-minute interactive academic session, followed by an optional 90-minute campus tour.
Register for Academic Tours
Daily Housing Tours
Get a sneak peek into your future home away from home by attending our guided, in-person housing tours. You’ll have the chance to visit multiple residence halls with an option to view one of our apartment communities. These guided housing tours are offered on select days.
Register for Housing Tours
Ticket to Transfer
Ticket to Transfer is for students who have attended another college or university who want to graduate with a UTA degree. During this tour, transfer students will receive a 15-minute transfer admissions presentation followed by a guided, campus tour.
Register for Ticket to Transfer
Twilight Tours
Maverick Country is calling you! Experience our vibrant, 420-acre campus proudly comprised of state-of-the-art facilities and passionate students from around the world. Led by our Student Tour Guides, our Twilight Tours give you an in-depth look into what life is like as a UTA Maverick, all while taking place after the heat of the day has subsided. You’ll discover our campus, student life, and services, and get inside one of our premier residence halls.
Register for Twilight Tours
Graduate Tours
Graduate tours are for students interested in pursuing a Master's or Doctoral degree at UTA. During this tour, you will receive a 30-minute graduate admission information presentation followed by a 60-minute campus tour.
Register for Graduate Tours
Group Visits
On-campus and virtual guided group tours are available for elementary school through high school and community college students. Registration is required for a group visit.
View Group Tour Availability
Events
Admissions events are a great way to learn about admissions requirements, scholarship opportunities, housing, student life, and so much more. To truly understand the Maverick way of life, register for our premier on-campus event – Maverick Experience – and come see why more than 60,000 students made the UTA choice!
Learn more about events
Learn more about Maverick Experience
Virtual Tours
Explore Maverick Country. Anywhere, anytime.
Virtual Tour & Self Guided Tour
Our 360° virtual campus tour lets you explore points of interest on your desktop or mobile device from anywhere, anytime. Explore the UTA campus at your leisure by downloading the free Guidebook app. The self-guided Guidebook tour follows the standard tour route with an overview of campus life along the way.
View Virtual Tour
Take a Self-Guided Tour
Explore our campus
Dan Dipert University Welcome Center
The Dan Dipert University Welcome Center serves as the entry point for all campus visitors to UTA. The center serves as the meeting point for all in-person campus tours, as well as helping future students, alumni, and visitors navigate campus.
Hours of Operation
Monday — Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Saturday — 9 a.m. to 2 p.m.
Location & Parking
The Dan Dipert University Welcome Center is located in the College Park District. Parking is available in the
South Parking Garage
for those attending a campus tour.
580 S. Center Street.
Arlington, TX 76019
817-272-8687
View UTA Campus Map
Office of Admissions
Welcome
Apply
Visit
Events
Parents
Admitted Students
Contact Us
Connect with Admissions
Office of Admissions Facebook
Office of Admissions Instagram
Office of Admissions X
Office of Admissions YouTube
Find your Admissions Counselor
Find Your Maverick Factor!
If you are interested in applying to UTA or have questions about admissions requirements, please contact your admissions counselor for your region.
Find my Counselor