Undergraduate Studies - Academics - The University of Texas at Arlington
Undergraduate Studies
Equip yourself to take on anything. We're constantly building up the undergrad experience and have designed our campus to connect each student with opportunities they can't find anywhere else.
Degree Programs
Undergrads are challenged by faculty who tirelessly pursue the latest knowledge. They explore their futures with the resources that go into making each degree program a mind-stretching experience.
Explore Programs
Special Opportunities
Above and beyond have never been closer.
We give our students every opportunity to do more. For those who want to go deeper, we have an Honors College. For those who want to go further, we have study abroad programs. For those who want a total educational immersion, we have the Maverick Scholars. And for all of our students, there are countless ways to optimize the UTA experience.
Honors College
Acceptance to our selective Honors College brings enormous benefits. It really is the best way to turn this large university into a small community of intense scholars.
Learn More
Study Abroad
Spin a globe and stop it at any point. If your finger landed on anywhere other than the middle of the ocean, chances are a UTA student studied there. Studying abroad is one of the best ways to get the most out of your college years.
Learn More
Center for Service Learning
In every way, large and small, UTA students are putting their education, passion, and determination to work for people nearby who need assistance.
Learn More
University Studies
This program puts you on the fast track to earning a degree by maximizing your existing credit hours through an individualized curriculum.
Learn More
Interdisciplinary Studies
The Bachelor of Arts (BAIS) and Bachelor of Science (BSIS) are individualized degrees that allow students to develop broad academic themes or topics that fall outside the usual departmental boundaries.
Learn More
Academics
Overview
Undergraduate Studies
Graduate Studies
Programs
Distance Education
School & Colleges
Academic Support
Courses and Schedules
Youth Programs