CAPPA - The University of Texas at Arlington
Start your Journey
Discover Your Path to Success with CAPPA - Empowering Future Innovators
How To Apply
EXPLORE YOUR ACADEMIC PATH
We provide a range of undergraduate programs in architecture, interior design, landscape architecture, planning, and public policy for students to begin their academic journey. Students can choose to advance their professional careers with our graduate programs, which can accommodate your needs with on-campus, online, or cohort courses. Discover which discipline suits you and how to learn more.
School of Architecture
Landscape Architecture
Public Affairs and Planning
Center for Transportation, Equity, Decisions, and Dollars (CTEDD)
About CTEDD
DAVID DILLON CENTER FOR TEXAS ARCHITECTURE
About Dillon Center
INSTITUTE OF URBAN STUDIES
About IUS
Student Voices
Previous
Next
Master's in City and Regional Planning -
Meet Alyssa
I found comfort in an environment that supports collaboration with fellow students, staff, and outside entities.
Alyssa Knox
Master's in Public Administration -
Meet Katerina
The right place with the right people can make this experience enjoyable.
Katerina Mitsinga
Ph.D in Public Administration and Public Policy -
Meet Jala
These opportunities have provided the knowledge I can apply to achieve my goal as a public servant.
Jala Morrow
Ph.D Urban Planning & Public Policy -
Meet Josh
The culturally diverse department encourages students to participate in on-campus activities and keeps them engaged outside the classroom.
Josh Newton
Bachelor of Science in Interior Design -
Meet Kevin
The interior design program has greatly opened my mind about what it takes to be a designer.
Kevin Nguyen
Bachelor of Science in Architecture -
Meet Ryan
CAPPA offers a fantastic program, with an immense amount of support, and I'm proud to be a part of it.
Ryan Playle
Master's in City and Regional Planning -
Meet Laura
CAPPA has provided me with the skills and network to begin my career.
Laura Quintero
Ph.D. in Urban Planning and Public Affairs -
Meet Jessica
Every day is new learning--culture, people, knowledge, perspectives, and of course research!
Jessica Suma
Latest CAPPA News
8 April
Dr. Taner R. Özdil Inducted as President of CELA
Dr. Taner R. Özdil, an Associate Professor for the Landscape Architecture Program and Associate Director for Research at The Center for...
17 March
Two Planning Faculty Members Appointed to Influential...
In significant recognition of their contributions to planning and transportation, Dr. Ariadna Reyes Sanchez and Dr. Deden Rukmana have been appointed...
3 March
Fulbright Scholar Recipient: Empowering Urban Planning...
The college is delighted to welcome Dr. Surya Tarigan,...
28 February
Building an Equitable and Sustainable Future: Community...
Engaging students through community design has been a goal of the collaboration between the School of Architecture at CAPPA and the Anchorage...
20 February
Rusher Studio's Design Victories in 2024
Three students were awarded two winning entries in major design competitions during the Fall 2024 semester in Tom Rusher's Studio, ARCH 4556.
18 December
CAPPA's Year End Review and Message from the Dean
Dean Ming-Han Li presents his annual year end review and holiday wishes.
11 December
UTA Architecture Students Earn International Recognition in...
UTA architecture students Cristian Madrid and Kevin Negrete earn international recognition for “En El Camino,” reimagining the U.S.-Mexico...
16 December
Students of Design Night Inspires and Connects Future...
The Interior Design program at the College of Architecture, Planning, and Public Affairs (CAPPA) recently hosted Students of Design Night—an...
5 December
Shaping Architecture’s Future: Brad Bell and the Impact of...
Brad Bell co-authors book showcasing how digital tools revolutionize architectural design and education.
1 November
APATX Legacy Project: Urban Design Proposal of Angel...
scholarships
A number of opportunities are available for CAPPA students to...
Study Abroad
Explore different study abroad opportunities and learn how to...
tools-resources
Find additional forms and information to guide your success through...
Address
College of Architecture, Planning and Public Affairs
601 W. Nedderman Drive
Suite 203
Arlington, TX 76019-0108
Connect with us
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
Twitter
Important Links
Give to CAPPA
News
CAPPA SharePoint
Contact