Information for Parents & Guardians - Admissions - The University of Texas at Arlington
Information for Parents & Guardians
Welcome to Maverick Country! As a parent/guardian, you may have multiple feelings about your child’s next steps in life, hopefully, mostly excited! At UTA we are dedicated to your child’s support, safety, and success.
Maverick Excellence Started with YOU!
With your child’s best interest at heart, we want to make sure you feel secure in their academic decisions. Where they go now will determine their future success and our numbers speak for themselves.
No. 1
Established Graduates
Number 1 in Dallas-Fort Worth for return on investment.
No. 1
Highest Paid Graduates
UTA graduates have the highest-first-year median wage.
No. 1
First Generation Students
Number 1 in TX for the performance of 1st Gen Students.
5th
Most Diverse University
UTA is ranked third for undergraduate diversity.
$30 Million
Scholarship opportunities
$30 million in scholarships awarded to students each year.
Learn More About UTA Rankings
A Second Home
Visit Maverick Country
Come visit our beautiful 420-acre campus. Our MavElite student tour guides will take you through Maverick Country highlighting academic departments, health facilities, campus safety, and so much more.
Events
UTA also offers several
admissions events
that will allow your family to take a deeper dive into our community of faculty and staff in admissions, student life, housing, financial aid and scholarships, and academics.
Schedule a campus visit
Academics
UTA offers more than 180 degree programs across nine colleges. With world-renowned faculty and resources, we help your child blaze their path to becoming career-ready, global leaders of the future.
Learn About Programs
View nationally top-ranked
graduate programs
led by award winning faculty.
Application Priority Dates
Fall:
February 14
Spring:
October 15
Summer:
April 1
Admissions applications are still accepted after the priority dates for each term, however for guaranteed consideration of admission, your child should submit the application and required documents by the priority date.
Learn more about Admissions
Scholarship Deadlines
Presidential Scholarship:
December 7
Maverick Academic Scholarship:
February 14
Maverick Recognition Scholarship:
February 14
Transfer Scholarship:
February 14
Please note that some scholarship deadlines are earlier than the application priority dates. Students MUST submit their admissions application, along with required documents to be considered for these scholarships.
Learn more about Scholarships
Financial Resources
UTA has a variety of resources and opportunities to help fund your child’s future.
Federal Student Aid
UTA participates in federal and state financial aid programs that offer a variety of aid options. The Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) is a form that determines a student’s financial aid need. Financial assistance includes grants and student loans.
Learn More About Financial Aid
On-campus jobs
The work-study program and on-campus jobs are a great way for your child to earn money while staying focused and connected to their education. Students can apply for jobs through our UTA Handshake jobs portal.
Learn more about UTA Handshake
Campus Safety
The safety of your child is our number one priority. The UTA Police Department is Fully Accredited by the Commission of Accreditation for Law Enforcement Agencies & International Association of Campus Law Enforcement Administrators. 44 sworn police officers, 47 public safety officers, and 36 professional staff make Maverick Country a safe place to be.
Learn more about UTA Police Department
Review 2020 Annual Security & Fire Safety Report
Already #MaverickMade?
Congratulations to your child and family – welcome to the Maverick family! We invite you to be a part of a strong community of Maverick parents/guardians. Our parent/guardian and student resources will help you during your student’s transition to their first year in college. Get involved and learn more about our Parent and Family Services that serve to promote strong student development,...
Learn more about Parent & Family Services
Office of Admissions
Welcome
Apply
Visit
Events
Parents
Admitted Students
Contact Us
Connect with Admissions
Office of Admissions Facebook
Office of Admissions Instagram
Office of Admissions X
Office of Admissions YouTube
Find your Admissions Counselor
Find Your Maverick Factor!
If you are interested in applying to UTA or have questions about admissions requirements, please contact your admissions counselor for your region.
Find my Counselor