Tuition and Scholarships - Admissions - The University of Texas at Arlington
Tuition and Scholarships
At UTA, we believe an excellent education should be attainable for all. We provide financial aid and scholarships that keep your costs low and your debt manageable.
Your Future is Secure at UTA
No. 1
Established Graduates
Number 1 in Dallas-Fort Worth for return on investment.
#34
Established Graduates
Ranked 34th in the country for return on investment.
No. 1
Highest Paid Graduates
UTA graduates have the highest-first-year median wage.
Learn More About Financial Aid and Cost of Attendance
Blaze Forward with a New Tuition Program
The Blaze Forward program makes it even easier for you to get a world class education at UTA!
This program will cover 100% of tuition and fees for undergraduate students who meet all eligibility requirements and are from families with financial incomes up to $100,000.
Learn more about The Blaze Forward Program
Financial Aid and Scholarship Resources
Effective planning and knowing what to expect are fundamental when funding your future. Explore our cost estimator, financial aid and scholarships, and more to discover why UTA is one of the best investments you’ll ever make.
Merit and Academic Scholarships
UTA's merit based scholarships are available to incoming first-year and transfer students. Merit based scholarships are only available at the start of the incoming fall semester. Additional academic scholarship opportunities are also available based on academic department qualifications.
Learn more about Merit Scholarships
Terry Scholarship Foundation
The Terry Scholarship program is for incoming freshman students. Through this program, considering other scholarships and grants, the Terry Scholarship covers the total cost of tuition, fees, books, and on-campus living expenses. It also provides an opportunity for an additional stipend to support study abroad.
Learn More About The Terry Foundation Scholarship
Texas Leadership Scholars Program
The Texas Leadership Scholars program seeks top-performing students with demonstrated financial need, leadership in their high school community, and academic success. Cohorts of students will connect with peer and professional networks and mentors, participate in unique leadership development programs, and receive opportunities for undergraduate research and study abroad options.
Learn More About The Texas Leadership Scholars Program
Fellowships and Assistantships
UTA offers fellowships and graduate assistantships. Contact your academic department graduate advisor to determine what options are offered and their respective requirements.
Learn more about Fellowships and Assistantships
Grants
Grants are federal and state-funded aid that normally do not require repayment. They are limited and awarded on a first-come, first-served basis indicating the importance of submitting your FAFSA early.
Learn more about GRANTS
Guaranteed Tuition
UTA's Guaranteed Tuition Rate Plan, you can lock in the Fall 2022 Guaranteed Tuition rate and avoid any future tuition increases. The plan is designed to aid in budgeting and planning your college expenses, and to reward students who complete at least 30 semester credit hours toward their degree during an academic year, an essential strategy for graduating on time.
Learn More About Guaranteed Tuition
UTA Tuition Estimator
Our tuition estimator is designed to help potential and existing students obtain a rough estimate of the tuition and fees involved in attending per session.
Estimate my tuition
International Admissions
Cost of Attendance & Visa Requirements
The U.S Immigration and Naturalization Service requires that you show proof that adequate resources are available to meet their first year of educational and living expenses. For future international undergraduate students, current estimated cost is $42,706. For future international graduate students, current estimated cost is $41,230. 

A completed financial statement form must be completed and returned with the indicated documentation before an I-20 can be issued. If you are already studying in the U.S. on an F-1 (student) visa, you must have established transfer eligibility before transfer is initiated by UTA by submitting a school transfer notification. You can also view admissions requirements and forms through our designated apply pages.
International First-Year Admissions
International Transfer Admissions
International Graduate Admissions
Office of Admissions
Welcome
Apply
Visit
Events
Parents
Admitted Students
Contact Us
Connect with Admissions
Office of Admissions Facebook
Office of Admissions Instagram
Office of Admissions X
Office of Admissions YouTube
Find your Admissions Counselor
Find Your Maverick Factor!
If you are interested in applying to UTA or have questions about admissions requirements, please contact your admissions counselor for your region.
Find my Counselor