Research - The University of Texas at Arlington
Research
As a Carnegie R1 institution, research at The University of Texas at Arlington endeavors to improve the world we live in through the relentless pursuit of game-changing discovery.
Research Impact
No. 1
Most innovative university in the Metroplex
U.S. News and World Report, 2025
9th
Fastest-growing doctoral public institution in the U.S.
by the Chronicle of Higher Education Almanac, 2024
$155 million
in research expenditures
The University’s ever-growing research portfolio attracts high-achieving students and faculty from across Texas and around the globe.
R-1
Doctoral University
Very High Research Activity designation by the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education.
18
Number of best graduate programs at UTA
by U.S. News and World Report, 2024
10 April
Four UTA faculty named NAI Senior Members
National Academy of Inventors recognizes their groundbreaking work in chemistry, engineering and health care
7 April
UTA researchers find invasive frog on Pacific island
Greenhouse frog discovered by UT Arlington team in the Marshall Islands threatens local ecosystems by displacing native species
31 March
New technique brings the heat to tackle plastic waste
UTA chemists
explain how plastic pyrolysis works to breaks down plastic waste into molecules that be...
25 March
UTA uses VR to train rural health workers in veteran suicide...
The technology will simulate what real-life scenarios could look like with a patient
13 March
NASA taps UTA to shape future of autonomous aviation
UTA team tasked with developing safety systems for drones and unmanned flying vehicles
Research Opportunities
Our efforts have earned us the classification of R1: Doctoral University- Highest Research Activity from the Carnegie Classification of Institutions for Higher Education. Funding for our burgeoning research enterprise continues to grow year after year.
Explore opportunities
Administration
Contact Us
Office of Grants and Contract Services
Regulatory Services
VP for Research
Innovation and Commercialization
For Entrepreneurs
For Industry
Research Funding
Research Opportunities
News and Events