UTA Traditions - Student Life - The University of Texas at Arlington
UTA Traditions
Our traditions are shared among Mavericks of all generations and show how far we've come together.
Oozeball Tournament
Voted the University’s favorite tradition, the Oozeball mud volleyball tournament pits teams of students, faculty, staff, and alumni against each other in ankle-deep muck. Held every fall since 1989, the event is sponsored by Campus Recreation, with proceeds benefiting student scholarships.
Learn More about Oozeball
MavsMeet Convocation
One of UTA’s newest traditions, this academic event welcomes new Mavericks and officially kicks off the academic year. Held in Texas Hall the day before fall classes begin, it features remarks by the president, administrators, Student Government president, and a distinguished faculty member. The MavsMeet AfterParty features live music, games, and food.
Learn more about MavsMeet Convocation
Bed Races
Imagine teams of students pushing beds on wheels along football stadium turf! That’s exactly what you’ll find at the annual Bed Races, which started in 1980 to celebrate the opening of Maverick Stadium. The team with the best time wins, but awards for Best Dressed and Most Spirited also are given. Music, dancing, games, giveaways, and a halftime competition round out the fun.
Learn More about Bed Races
Homecoming
UTA’s Homecoming is held in November to welcome back alumni and celebrate the men’s and women’s basketball teams. Many events showcase our diverse traditions here at UTA, including the Blue & White Fashion Show, Blue & White Bash, Coronation of the Homecoming King and Queen, Maverick Step Show, and more.
Learn More about Homecoming
Maverick Speakers Series
This annual lecture series provides a forum for today’s brightest minds to examine what impacts the world around us. These events are free for students and open to the public.
Learn More about Maverick Speakers Series
Maverick Stampede
The official kickoff to a new academic year, Maverick Stampede is packed with events that offer students a chance to have fun, make new friends, and get acclimated to life on campus.
Learn More about Maverick Stampede
Grad Cap Contest
Graduation candidates submit photos of their decorated grad caps for a chance to win prizes from the UTA Bookstore in this contest. It’s held during Commencement events every semester.
Learn More about the Grad Cap Contest
The University Mace
Maces, a symbolic staff of high office, are often traditional elements in academic processions. UT Arlington's was designed and created in 2007 by Texas State Artist and Professor David Keens with the assistance of metal art Adjunct Professor Fred Miller.
Learn more about the University Mace
Ring Ceremony
The Official Maverick Ring Ceremony is a partnership between the UTA Office of Alumni Relations and Jostens and is held twice a year shortly before finals. Students who purchase their Official Maverick Ring receive their rings and hear from University leaders at this celebratory event.
Learn more about Maverick Rings
International Week
Since 1977, this week long program has celebrated the cultures of UTA’s international student population. A parade of banners, international food fair, fashion show, nationality exhibits, and Global Extravaganza talent show are just some of the events that showcase the University’s diversity.
Learn more about I-Week
Spirit Horse
The Spirit Horses were initially started as a public art project to allow the UTA community to come together to paint a fiberglass horse that would be placed around campus. Now, it is an ongoing tradition to have decorated spirit horses throughout campus.
Learn More about the Spirit Horse Program
Student Life
Overview
Activities and Engagement
Health and Recreation
Student Services
Veteran Services
Traditions
Student Affairs
The Maverick Way
Our choices define us. You chose to be a MAVERICK. But what does that mean?
Learn More