About Us - The University of Texas at Arlington
A University of Excellence
About Us
The University of Texas at Arlington is a comprehensive research, teaching, and public service institution whose mission is the advancement of knowledge and the pursuit of excellence.
Our Mission
Our Campus
The University of Texas at Arlington is a comprehensive research, teaching, and public service institution whose mission is the advancement of knowledge and the pursuit of excellence.  UTA’s combination of outstanding academics and innovative research contribute to its designation as a Carnegie R-1 “Very High Research Activity” institution, a significant milestone of excellence.
The University is designated as a
Hispanic-Serving Institution
and an
Asian American Native American Pacific Islander-Serving Institution
by the U.S. Department of Education. The University
ranks
in the top five nationally for
veterans
and their families (
Military Times
, 2024
) and is No. 4 in Texas for advancing social mobility (
U.S. News & World Report
, 2025
).
Fast Facts
41000
Students enrolled
13000
degrees awarded annually
270000
alumni
Our Academics
Through academic, internship, and research programs, our students receive real-world experiences that help them contribute to their community and, ultimately, the world. Each year, over 41,000 students engage in in-person and online coursework as they pursue studies in the 180-plus baccalaureate, master's, and doctoral degree programs we offer.
About our Mavericks
Students
Our students come from more than 100 countries, resulting in one of the most diverse campus populations in the nation.
Student Life
Athletes
Our NCAA Division I mens and womens sports teams have multiple conference championships and our Movin' Mavs wheelchair basketball teams have taken home 12 national titles.
Athletics
Faculty
Our world-renowned faculty are passionate teachers and lifelong learners dedicated to sharing their energy and knowledge.
Faculty
Leaders
Our leaders strive to bridge the gap between our students and their future careers, encouraging them to explore their talents and take on the world around them with vigor.
Administration