About UTA West - UTA West - The University of Arlington at Texas
About UTA West
OUR BRIGHT FUTURE
Advantageously positioned at the intersection of I-30 and I-20 at the western gateway of Fort Worth in Parker County, the UTA West campus is designed to reflect its ranchland setting. Located mere minutes from downtown Fort Worth, the site features more than 50 acres of rolling hills dotted with wildflowers and live oaks, along with a small lake that inspired us to plan a waterfront park. If you’re lucky and visit at the right time, you might even spot a sea of bluebonnets at our idyllic campus.
Our Supporters
With the development of UTA West, the University looks forward to deepening its
    collaborations with community leaders in education, industry, government, and nonprofit organizations.
Any time the UT System can expand greater educational opportunity, access, and affordability
                            to Texans, we’re going to do it. We’ve recently done it in east Texas and south Texas and
                            now we’re heading west. We’re looking forward to planting a UT Arlington flag in west Fort
                            Worth, currently the nation’s fastest growing city.
Years from now when we look back at major milestones in the life of the Fort Worth region
                            and UT Arlington’s history, this new campus will rise to be among the top. As cities prepare
                            for rapid growth, the presence of great universities contributes immensely to their vibrant
                            transformation, and we applaud the very special relationship between UT Arlington and Fort
                            Worth as they plan for the future in such an insightful and strategic way.
UTA West represents a transformative investment in
                            our community’s future. By aligning
                            educational resources with the region’s
                            economic needs, UTA is poised to play a pivotal role
                            in shaping a skilled workforce capable of meeting
                            the demands of 21st-century industries.
UTA's new campus in West Fort Worth is poised to elevate the DFW region, fostering a synergy
                            between education and local industry that promises to spur economic and community
                            development. This strategic educational hub will cultivate a skilled workforce tailored to
                            the dynamic needs of Fort Worth's businesses, enhancing the city's appeal for commercial
                            investment through academic innovation.
As the reach of the DFW metroplex continues westward, it only makes sense that UTA would do
                            the same, choosing Parker County as its home for a new campus. Our local communities,
                            including Weatherford, Hudson Oaks, Willow Park, and Aledo, can only stand to benefit from
                            having quality higher education in their backyard. I am pleased to welcome UTA to Parker
                            County and look forward to making this partnership a success.
Weatherford College has been proudly educating area
                            citizens for over 150 years. We eagerly welcome an
                            enhanced partnership with our colleagues from The
                            University of Texas at Arlington. Our shared
                            students will soon have expanded educational
                            opportunities in undergraduate engineering programs
                            as well as various master’s and
                            doctorate-level graduate programs.
UTA has long played an integral role in Fort Worth, significantly aiding the growth of the region's varied businesses. Its expansion highlights a strong dedication to cultivating important skills for students and bolstering local entrepreneurship. We look forward to working with UTA and its partners on this substantial investment in the future of Fort Worth's dynamic business landscape.
UTA's new West Fort Worth campus will energize the DFW area with education, business, and
                            workforce benefits for the economy and the community. UTA's tailored programs, co-designed
                            with local industries, will produce skilled professionals for growing and established
                            businesses. UTA's innovation and economic collaboration will make Fort Worth a hot spot for
                            business investments, leveraging its academic excellence and cutting-edge research.
UTA's new campus in Parker County is a significant step toward enriching our local education
                            and providing Parker County students with greater access to quality learning experiences.
                            This initiative will empower the students to pursue academic excellence and professional
                            aspirations within their own community while bolstering the county's exceptional educational
                            landscape and future workforce.
UTA has served as the educational backbone of Fort Worth and UTA FW Center has been
                            instrumental in supporting career-focused individuals in attaining their educational
                            aspirations while also addressing the demands of the local labor market. The recent
                            unveiling of UTA's new campus in west Fort Worth is a testament to the university's enduring
                            dedication to both the city of Fort Worth and the prosperity of our expanding region.
UTA’s decision to open a new campus in Parker County will further develop an already
                            bustling part of the DFW metroplex. Of counties over 50,000 in population, Parker is the
                            11th fastest growing in America. Our students deserve more quality education options that
                            can keep them close to home, while helping support the next generation of our local
                            workforce. I look forward to this project come to fruition.
I could not be more excited that UTA is staying one step ahead of the phenomenal growth in
                            Fort Worth. As a leading, well-respected Hispanic-Serving Institution, UTA has always shown
                            a willingness to serve any student at any point within their educational journeys. With this
                            expansion, students hailing from anywhere in our region will have access to a quality
                            affordable educational experience. The possibilities for future Mavericks are truly
                            limitless.
UTA has—and continues to be—an economic
                            force across Fort Worth and Tarrant County.
                            Expanding its footprint to Parker County
                            demonstrates an unequivocal commitment to developing
                            invaluable skills for students and jobs for our
                            area. We are thrilled to work with UTA and its
                            partners on this significant investment into the
                            future of the region.
From downtown Fort Worth to Weatherford, The University of Texas at Arlington is leading us
                            toward a bright future. I applaud the UT System for having the foresight to see that an
                            investment in this rapidly growing region is a sound one. UTA represents a top-tier
                            education partner coming to our community and will be a powerful economic partner with us in
                            attracting and developing well-prepared talent that local companies need today and in the
                            future.
For decades, UTA has been a proud partner of the
                            city of Fort Worth. Established in 1986, the UTA
                            Research Institute in east Fort Worth conducts $16
                            million annually in innovative research that has
                            real-world impact for many of our businesses. And
                            since 2007, the UTA Fort Worth Center in the heart
                            of downtown has helped working professionals reach
                            their education goals while meeting workforce needs.
                            UTA’s new west Fort Worth campus is just the
                            latest example of the university’s commitment
                            to Fort Worth and the success of our growing region.
The University of Texas at Arlington's new campus in Parker County is an important
                            development for the DFW metroplex. This move brings top-tier educational facilities closer
                            to students and acts as a magnet for businesses, fueling the growth of our local workforce
                            and strengthening our regional economy. I am excited to see the long-term positive impact
                            this will have on our community.
All About UTA West
UTA West is bringing all the benefits of a top-tier research university to Fort Worth and Parker County, two of the fastest-growing regions in the country.
51 Acres
51 acres within the Walsh Ranch Development
10,000+ Students
Part of a long-term plan to serve more than 10,000 students
$292.2 Million
Projected economic impact, along with 2,273 jobs
Get to Know Our Campuses
UTA Fast Facts
UTA Fort Worth Fact Sheet
UTA West Fact Sheet
UTA West Quotes
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
Why is UTA going to build a new campus in west Fort Worth? Why now?
The western region of the DFW Metroplex is rapidly growing—in population, student talent, and economic development. UTA has long been a top supplier of talent to companies and communities across Fort Worth and the region. Establishing the UTA West campus will provide greater access to affordable higher education and equip students with skills to thrive in the region’s growing workforce.
How does this initiative align with the University’s long-term strategic plan?
UTA’s vision is to have a lasting impact on the communities we serve. UTA brings the academic excellence and innovative research of a top-tier R-1 university to the western Metroplex. UTA West will broaden UTA’s impact across the region.
What is the timeline for the new campus?
UTA projects to finalize land acquisition and campus master planning by the beginning of 2025 and start construction of infrastructure and site development in 2026. UTA plans to welcome it first class at the new UTA West campus in fall 2028.
What will be the size of the new UTA West campus?
UTA is in the process of acquiring two parcels of land that total more than 51 acres. The campus will grow as the region grows—at opening in fall 2028, an initial academic building and campus infrastructure will serve approximately 1,000 students. Through a multiyear plan, the campus footprint and student enrollment will increase according to the region’s economic and educational needs to serve more than 10,000 students.
Where will the new UTA West campus be located?
The new UTA West campus is projected to be located within the Walsh Ranch development, advantageously positioned at the intersection of I-30 and I-20 at the western gateway of Fort Worth in Parker County. As required for all UTA land acquisitions, a Phase 1 Environmental Site Assessment was completed on the proposed site with no findings or concerns. Development of the UTA West campus will focus on sustainability, including limiting construction debris to landfills, integrating thoughtful design that complements the environment and minimizes the impact on natural landscapes, using energy-efficient mechanical equipment, and using water conservation techniques with native landscapes and water-efficient plumbing fixtures.
Why was the Walsh Ranch location chosen for the UTA West campus?
The Walsh Ranch location is advantageously positioned at the intersection of I-30 and I-20 at the western gateway of Fort Worth, in close proximity to projected business and population growth.
What will be done to address transportation near the new campus?
UTA is working with Parker County and the Texas Department of Transportation to design deceleration lanes on the eastbound I-30 frontage road at the entrance to campus to assist with traffic flow leading up to Walsh Ranch Parkway, as well as on a new on-ramp for I-30 eastbound.
Has a general contractor been selected for UTA West?
A general contractor for UTA West has yet to be selected, as we have been focused on the conceptual development plan, infrastructure plan, and land acquisition. The University expects to hold a pre-proposal meeting and conduct HUB outreach in the coming months. For those interested in learning more about contracting opportunities, contact the Office of Facilities Management at
ofm@uta.edu
for additional information.
When will classes start?
The new campus is expected to begin welcoming students as early as fall 2028.
What programs or degrees will be available when UTA West opens?
While detailed planning has recently begun, academic programs planned for UTA West will prioritize supporting future economic and workforce development activities and the needs of prospective students in the area. The University is currently meeting with area employers, economic development agencies, and community partners to assess which academic programs will be offered at UTA West. We are also conducting a community survey to help us learn more about what community members would most like to see at the new campus.
Add your feedback here
. If you are an employer that would like to learn more about opportunities to collaborate with UTA West, contact Fred Schmidt, director of corporate relations at 817-272-5216 or
fred.schmidt@uta.edu
.
Will students be able to complete all of their required coursework at the new campus?
At the time the campus opens, for each of the academic programs offered on the campus, students will be able to complete all of their degree program at UTA West.
How many students will UTA West be able to accommodate upon completion of the entire campus?
Preliminary projections are that UTA West will develop as part of a multiyear plan to serve 10,000-12,000 students.
Is there professional development programming available now?
Yes,
UTA Extension and Extended Campuses
offers a range of professional development programs that can be offered at your company or organization.
Will there be student housing?
Off-campus apartments are available within proximity of the location of the new campus. On-campus student housing may be available in the future.
Is UTA West hiring?
Decisions about hiring for faculty and staff to support UTA West will be made as plans for academic program offerings and campus support services are finalized. UTA’s current career opportunities are posted on UTA’s Office of Talent, Culture, and Engagement website at
www.uta.edu/hr/careers
.
How can I learn more about UTA West?
We want to hear from you –
sign up to keep up to date on our progress
. Or visit us at the UTA Fort Worth Center (1401 Jones Street, Fort Worth, TX 76102). In addition, the University will be opening a storefront close to the new campus where future Mavericks will have access to more information about UTA West. When the storefront is open and welcoming visitors, we will make an announcement.
Contact Marketing, Messaging, and Engagement
Address:
University Administration Building
701 S. Nedderman Drive, Ste 421
Campus Box 19116
Arlington, TX 76019-0116
utacommunications@uta.edu
For the Media
Campus Maps
Fast Facts
Media Relations
Office of the President
Connect
Instagram
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter