Strategic Plan - Office of the President - The University of Texas at Arlington
Shared Dreams, Bright Future
UTA 2030
The University of Texas at Arlington has launched its new strategic plan, UTA 2030, focusing on our shared dreams and bright future. Together we will realize our strategic plan, ensuring we accomplish big dreams together.
About Our Plan
In this newest strategic plan, UTA redefines community impact for universities, rooting it in academic excellence, groundbreaking discovery, and unwavering engagement. Together, we embark on a journey guided by this roadmap to realize the shared dreams of our community and shape a bright future for all.
Mission, Vision, and Values
Message From Our President
Strategic Themes
The University of Texas at Arlington (UTA), a Hispanic-Serving Institution and Asian American and Native American Pacific Islander-Serving Institution, stands as a beacon of community impact within the region. With deep roots in North Texas and strong partnerships across the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex, UTA has brought continuous momentum to Arlington and the broader region for over 100 years.
Learn more about UTA's strategic plan
People and Culture
Together, We Thrive
Student Success
Empowering Our Mavericks
Alumni and Community Engagement
Community Impact Through Partnership
Finance and Infrastructure
A UTA For Tomorrow
Research and Innovation
Discovery Reimagined
By The Numbers
#1
Public School in North Texas
Wall Street Journal 2024
#3
in Texas for Advancing Social Mobility
U.S. News & World Report, 2024
#1
Best Public University for Veterans
Military Times, 2023
Measuring Our Success
UTA utilizes a comprehensive and dynamic framework to measure our progress on metrics associated with our strategic plan. We employ a combination of key performance indicators (KPIs) and qualitative assessments to gauge advancements in various areas, including graduation rates, employee engagement, annual fundraising, and total research expenditures.
View our progress dashboard
Strategic Plan Available to Print
Our strategic plan is available to download and print at the link below.
Download Here
Office of the President
Contact:
Email:
president@uta.edu
Phone: 817-272-2101
Mailing Address:
Office of the President
The University of Texas at Arlington
701 S. Nedderman Drive
Arlington, TX 76019
Follow the President
Jennifer Cowley's LinkedIn
Jennifer Cowley's X
Learn More
About UTA
Fast Facts
Administrative Offices