Current Students - The University of Texas at Arlington
Current Students
MyMav
Canvas
Email
IT Help
MyUTA
ACADEMIC CALENDAR
Jan. 13:
First day of Spring classes
Apr. 4:
Last day to drop classes
Apr. 7:
Registration begins for Summer & Fall 2025
May 9:
Commencement ceremonies
View ACADEMIC CALENDAR
REGISTER FOR CLASSES
Register now for summer and fall 2024!
See your advisor to register and customize a semester that will maximize your time.
Freshmen and new transfer students will register at New Maverick Orientation.
Learn more about registration
Attend UTA’s Focus Group for Students with Children Under 18 and Receive a $50 Visa Gift Card!
If you’re a current UTA student with children, we want to hear from you! Focus group participants receive a FREE $50 Visa gift card and lunch during the focus group. If you’re interested, scan the QR code to fill out the form! We’d love to hear about your experience as a student parent at UTA and how you can be better heard and supported.
Sign Up
What's Happening at UTA?
Get involved on campus and make memories. There is always something going on at UTA.
Set Yourself up for Success
Utilize the career center to make connections that can power your future and find jobs and internships on and off campus.
The Career Development Center
A new Era of Engineering
The energy industry is booming, and there is a growing demand among energy companies for workers who understand both the engineering and business principles that affect their ability to operate. UTA Fort Worth programs are designed for working professionals who are pursuing their degree part-time.
Resource & Energy Engineering
Fort Worth Engineering Programs
Coursera Career Academy
UTA students can take advantage of the Coursera Career Academy to enroll in programs and certification courses to support their professional growth at no cost.
Learn More about Coursera
Student Financial Assistance
Student Accounts oversees account charges, payments, and payment plans. The Student Money Management Center offers financial guidance and tips.
Student Accounts
Student Money
Tuition Charges and Fees
Tuition Payment Plans
Tuition Insurance
BUDGETING TOOL
Schedule a Consultation
Student Life
Make UTA your home and find places on campus to study, meet with friends, eat, live, get academic support, and utilize health services. You can also find ways to get involved in extracurricular activities, organizations, and programs!
Resources & Opportunities
Student Affairs
Connect with us
Follow UTA on social media for the latest campus updates and Maverick accomplishments!
Facebook
X
Instagram
LinkedIn
Student Resources
Bookstore
Parking
Campus Maps
OIT Service Desk
The Shorthorn
The Shorthorn is a student-run that is published online daily with a print digest on Wednesday during the fall and spring semesters. During the summer, all content is published online since no print edition is produced. The Shorthorn has been in print since 1919.
Visit the Shorthorn website
UTA Radio
UTA Radio is a student-run internet radio station that broadcasts live from campus, which in case you didn't know, is at the University of Texas at Arlington.
Visit the UTA Radio website