Graduate Engineering Programs - Fort Worth - The University of Texas at Arlington
Graduate Engineering Programs
Earn your M.S. in Engineering Management or Master of Software Engineering at UTA Fort Worth.
Apply Now
Submit your application to UTA Fort Worth today.
Contact Us
Schedule a meeting with our admissions team.
Information Sessions
Register for an upcoming information session.
Engineering Management
The Master of Science in Engineering Management degree is a STEM program designed to introduce both engineering and business tools to engineering professionals who will be moving into leadership positions in product development, strategic planning, or managing the organization’s technology resources. Graduates develop an understanding of how to use an organization’s technical knowledge, skills and abilities to meet their strategic objectives. The UTA Fort Worth program is designed for working professionals who are pursuing their degree part-time.
Learn More about Engineering Management
Software Engineering
The Master of Software Engineering program facilitates the student's continued professional and scholarly development. It is designed to extend the student's knowledge and emphasize key areas such as system design and development, system testing and quality assurance, cloud computing, and software system and project management. The Master of Software Engineering degree program at UTA Fort Worth is designed for working professionals who are pursuing their degree part-time.
Learn More About Software Engineering
Do you have the Maverick Factor?
Your success story is next.
In my career as a director of engineering, I saw my software engineers do some amazing things. They made what was once science fiction become our reality. A master’s degree in software engineering is the gateway to becoming all that one can hope to be.
With the demand for shorter development schedules and increasing cost competition, the Engineering Manager position is fast becoming an essential role in every major industry.
UTA Fort Worth
Address:
1401 Jones Street
Fort Worth, TX 76102
Contact Information
Phone:
817-272-5988
Email:
utafw@uta.edu
Connect With Us
UTA Fort Worth Facebook
UTA Fort Worth Instagram
UTA Fort Worth Twitter
UTA Fort Worth Youtube