Fraternity & Sorority Life - The University of Texas at Arlington
Fraternity & Sorority Life
#EmpowerUTA
Fraternities and sororities at The University of Texas at Arlington empower you to fulfill your potential. We are focused on empowering you to prepare for your real careers, real life, and very real potential.
30+ Organizations
UTA is home to 28 fraternities and sororities.
Over 650 Members
There are over 650 members in the fraternity and sorority community.
Over $135,000 Raised
UTA fraternities and sororities have raised over $135,000 for non-profit organizations.
2.95 Community GPA
In Fall 2024, fraternity and sorority members achieved a community grade point average of a 2.95
Over 13,750 Hours
UTA fraternity and sorority members have logged over 13,750 hours serving the community.
16% Higher Graduation Rate
Fraternity and sorority students graduate at a rate of 16% higher than non-members.
College Panhellenic Council
CPH is the governing body for our 4 NPC women's sororities.
Learn More About CPH
Interfraternity Council
IFC is home to 8 men’s fraternities on the UTA campus.
Learn More About IFC
Multicultural Greek Council
MGC is the governing body for 7 culturally based fraternities and sororities on at UTA.
Learn more About MGC
National Pan-Hellenic Council
NPHC consists of 6 historically African-American fraternities and sororities.
Learn more About NPHC
WHAT WE VALUE
A feeling of true acceptance. A sense that you really belong. The encouragement of people who genuinely care. The connection to something that will last way beyond your college years. We are focused on empowering real UTA students to prepare for their real careers, their real life, and their very real potential. We want you to meet our people, to understand our purpose, and to hear our stories of the way our chapters have embraced us and empowered us.
LEARN MORE ABOUT US
Our Organizations
Our 26 sororities and fraternities are as diverse as the university in which we thrive. We have a wide variety of chapters and experiences. The four sorority and fraternity governing councils on this campus (NPHC, MGC, IFC, and CPH) are all different. However, each council has organizations that will embrace you and empower you. All of our chapters do one thing better than any other organization on campus. We #EmpowerUTA.
Want to Join?
Joining a fraternity or sorority is a mutual selection process between students and fraternity/sorority organizations. This means that as you are exploring which organization is the best fit for you, organizations are examining what students are a good fit for their fraternity/sorority. We challenge you to keep an open mind and consider more than one option to ensure you find the best option.
F&SL Interest Form
Hazing Report
Anyone can file an incident report regarding possible student misconduct. If you need to report an incident involving a possible violation report below.
Report An Incident
Upcoming Events
More Events
F&SL Student Stories
Previous
Next
Zeta Phi Beta -
Persjah Carter
Something I would say to someone joining or interested in joining a fraternity or sorority is embrace the history. When I was expressing interest, I...
View Persjah's Story
Pi Kappa Alpha -
Lucas Harmon
The best part about joining a fraternity or sorority is the friendships, you can get all the professional development skills and networking done at...
View Lucas's Story
Sigma Lambda Beta  -
Emilio Hernandez
The best part about joining a fraternity has not been the connections I've made that have propelled me into my career and professional development or...
View Emilio's Story
Sigma Lambda Gamma -
Karina Serrato
Something I would say to someone joining a fraternity or sorority is, joining an organization can offer opportunities for personal growth, lifelong...
View Karina's Story
Alpha Phi Alpha  -
Nicklaus Utsey
The best part about joining a fraternity and sorority are the countless opportunities of professional, social, and personal development. Throughout my...
View Nicklaus's Story
Delta Delta Delta Sorority -
Alina McSpadden
Something I would say to someone joining a fraternity or sorority is that joining Greek life at UT Arlington is one of the most rewarding experiences...
Alina McSpadden
Contact Us
Address: E.H. Hereford University Center, Lower Level, B120
Phone: 817-272-9234
Email: fsl@uta.edu
Follow Us
FSL Facebook
FSL Instagram
FSL Youtube
F&SL Resources
Join a Fraternity or Sorority
Hazing and Risk Management Resources
Report an Incident
About F&SL