Careers at UTA - Office of Talent, Culture and Engagement - The University of Texas at Arlington
Together, We Thrive
Embark on a New Career at UTA!
We’re more than a workplace—we’re a community that values the unique strengths of every individual. Here, every voice is heard, and everyone is encouraged to bring their authentic self to the table. We believe that when people feel they truly belong, they thrive. Join us in creating a culture where everyone contributes to something greater, together.
Search Jobs
View Openings
Our People
We're proud of our achievements and ready to reach new milestones together. The dedication and talent of our people—students, faculty, staff, and alumni—fuel our progress and open up new career opportunities that make a difference, not just within the University, but around the world.
2318
Faculty
3133
Staff
5431
Total Workforce
OUR VALUES
Collaboration
Building authentic partnerships to leverage access, skills, talents, and knowledge to achieve desired results.
Engagement
Creating a thriving community that demonstrates appreciation, value, and respect for all individuals.
Excellence
Approaching all actions with high standards and exemplary service.
Innovation
Consistently striving to think and act in new and creative ways.
Integrity
Demonstrating honesty, transparency, and ethical behavior.
OUR BENEFITS AND PERKS
At UTA, we want to empower your career and well-being. Full-time employees enjoy a wide range of benefits, perks, and opportunities that set us apart from most universities.  For a full list of all our benefits visit our
Employee Benefits Website
.
Discover the Perks of Being a Maverick
Previous
Next
Your Health Matters -
Competitive Benefits
Comprehensive Medical, Dental, Vision Coverage, and a Range of Additional Benefits to Keep You at Your Best
Benefits Overview
Secure Your Future -
Retirement
Flexible Retirement Plans Tailored Just for You
Retirement Plans
Secure Peace of Mind -
Group Life Insurance
Benefit from a Group Life Plan Designed to Protect You and Your Loved Ones
Group Life
Unlock Your Potential  -
Employee Tuition Assistance Plan
Free Courses for Career Growth and Development
ETAP Program
Embrace a -
Work-Life Balance
That Supports Your Personal and Professional Well-Being
Work-Life Balance
Employee Perks -
Maverick Country Perks
Enjoy Gym Memberships, Dining Discounts, Longevity Pay, Event Tickets, and More as Part of Your Employee Perks
More Perks
Join Our Wellness Program -
Living Well Program
Featuring Physical Fitness Activities and Wellness Education to Support Your Well-Being
Living Well Program
Enjoy -
Athletic Tickets
Free or Discounted Athletic Tickets as Part of Your Employee Perks
Athletics Website
Ready to take your Career Journey to new heights?
We are here to launch you on your journey to success.  Pick your path and explore open positions at UTA.
Executive
Leaders among leaders that embody the signature trail-blazing  originality of a Maverick
View Executive Searches
Faculty
Our professors and instructors provide a high-quality education and produce world changing research
View Faculty Openings
Staff
UTA offer full-time and part-time staff positions on campus
View Staff Openings
Temporary
Temporary employment to those starting out in their careers or looking for a change
View Temporary MavTemp
Our University
Check Out the Fast Facts Below to See Why We're a Leading Destination for Careers and Community
1
Public School in DFW
Wall Street Journal, 2024
Research-1
Designation
Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education
270000
alumni
from UT Arlington
5
Most Diverse University
U.S. News & World Report, 2024
Largest Institution
in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex
and the second largest in the UT System
1
Best for Vets Among Public Universities
Military Times Best for Vets: College List, 2023
View 2030 Strategic Plan
OUR COMMUNITY
UTA has been a cornerstone of the Fort Worth community for decades. With locations in Arlington, the Fort Worth Center, our Research Institute, and the new UTA West campus
(Coming Fall 2028)
, the University has built a strong legacy of providing educational excellence and driving economic support in western North Texas and beyond.
Your New Favorite Place
Discover the best of UTA as an employee and uncover all that this vibrant community has to offer.
Virtual Campus Tour
Self-Guided Tour
Need Help Applying?
Our step-by-step 'How to Apply' videos guide you through the process to easily submit your application online.
Applying for a UTA Position (English)
Applying for a UTA Position (Spanish)
EMPLOYMENT NOTICES
Employment Eligibility and ADA Accommodations
ADA Accommodations
The University of Texas at Arlington is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities. If you require reasonable accommodation in completing this application, interviewing or otherwise participating in the employee selection process, please direct your inquiries to 817-272-5554 or email
ADADocs@uta.edu
. Our business hours are Mon-Fri. 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. CST.
The contact information provided above is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.
I-9 Process
The University of Texas at Arlington participates in E-Verify to determine employment eligibility.
If you are a citizen or national of the U.S. or a lawful Permanent Resident, you
are eligible
for employment.
If you are an alien (not a citizen or national of the U.S. or lawful Permanent Resident), your eligibility for
employment is dependent upon your status
.
If you need assistance in determining your employment eligibility, please visit
International Employment
or email
internationalemployment@uta.edu
Verification of Identity and Work Authorization
Any offer of employment is contingent upon your completing the Immigration and Naturalization Service Employment Eligibility Verification (Form I-9) and providing documents to verify your identity and employment eligibility as required by law. When completing the Form I-9, you will be required to attest that you are a citizen or national of the U.S., a lawful Permanent Resident or an alien authorized to work. For further information, see our
Form I-9 - Employment Eligibility Verification webpage
for a list of acceptable documents for verification of identity and work authorization.
UTA participates in E-verify. We will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee's Form I-9 to confirm work authorization. E-Verify will not be used to pre-screen job applicants.
Criminal History Background Check
Criminal background checks apply to all full-time, part-time, regular, temporary or student positions.
It is the policy of The University of Texas at Arlington to conduct a criminal background check including sex offender registry check on any applicant, internal or external, who is under final consideration for employment with the University. This applies to all full-time, part-time, regular, temporary or student positions.
In addition, you will be required to provide in writing any criminal charges or convictions, including any requirement or possible requirement to register as a sex offender, which occurred after the date of your application. You would not be required to report misdemeanor offenses punishable only by a fine. If you fail to comply with this provision, may be disqualified from consideration for employment.
Once hired, University policy requires employees to report to their supervisor within five business days any criminal complaint, information, indictment, no contest plea, guilty plea, or criminal convictions, including registration as sex offender or requirement to register as a sex offender. Misdemeanor offenses punishable only by fine do not need to be reported.
Still Need Assistance?
Our Talent Acquisition team is here to help. Don't hesitate to reach out for any additional support you need.
joinus@uta.edu
Office of Talent, Culture, and Engagement
J.D. Wetsel Building
1225 W. Mitchell St., Suite 212
Box 19176, Arlington, TX 76019
Phone: 817-272-5554 - Fax: 817-272-7288
QUICK LINKS
Faculty and Staff Resources
>
UTA Holiday Schedule
>
Forms
>
Policies & Procedures
>
Departments
Employee Engagement
Talent Acquisition
Onboarding
Benefits Services
Compensation
Hispanic Serving Institutions Initiatives
Departments
Employee Relations (SHRBP's)
International Employment
Leadership and Talent Development
Leave Services
Records & Data Administration
HR Service Center
Wellness
Follow the Office of Talent, Culture, and Engagement
TCE Facebook
TCE Facebook
TCE Instagram
TCE Instagram
TCE Linkedin
TCE Linkedin
TCE X
TCE X