Courses, Schedules & Syllabi - Academics - The University of Texas at Arlington
Courses, Schedules & Syllabi
From course descriptions, class schedules, syllabi, and more, this page serves as a resource to help you get the most out of your education.
Discover and cultivate your passions
What do you want to learn today?
Browse Programs
Explore Courses
Our faculty has a wealth of knowledge to share. We’re adding to that wisdom every day by introducing new courses and subjects on important issues.
Course Descriptions
Find Your Syllabus
Class Schedule
Stay on Track
We have the resources to help you stay on top of important dates so you don't miss out.
Academic Calendar
MavPlanner & MavScheduler tools
Final Exam Schedule
Low-Cost Courses
Find courses with low or no costs* for class materials
Academic Support
Free academic support options include e-tutoring and SI
Coursera Career Academy
Add an industry skills credential to your UTA degree at no cost
*Low-Cost Educational Resources: Total cost for course resources is no more than $25 (per student)
Free Educational Resources: Total cost for course resources is $0 (per student)
In the Class Schedule, filter by Course Attribute to identify these courses.
Modality Definitions
These modality definitions will help in your course planning and correspond to what you will see in MyMav:
View Modality Definitions
Modality
Definition
Example/Scenario
ON-CAMPUS
Majority On Campus.
The majority of course instruction, exams and projects delivered on-campus or at designated instructional sites, in-person.
International students:
This includes an on-campus component.
For example, an On Campus class is scheduled on Mondays/Wednesdays/Fridays from 9:00 to 9:50 am. Students will be required to attend all class sessions on campus (unless otherwise noted in the syllabus) on all scheduled days/times throughout the semester.
SYNC ONLINE
Synchronous online.
All course instruction, materials, exams and projects delivered online; some or all will require online attendance on specific day/time schedule noted in MyMav and on syllabus.
For example, a Synchronous Online class is scheduled on Mondays/Wednesdays/Fridays from 9:00 to 9:50 am. Students will be required to log in and participate live during all or some of these days and times throughout the semester.
ASYN ONLINE
Asynchronous Online.
All course instruction, materials, exams and projects delivered online and asynchronously. No synchronous meetings, exams or projects.
For example, an Asynchronous Online class is all online divided into weekly instructional modules. Students work through the modules each week on their own schedule, with dates and times for module completion, assignment due dates, and online quizzes/exams clearly indicated in the syllabus and posted in the introduction to each week’s course module.
CAMPUS EXAMS & SYNC ONLINE INSTR
One to four campus class sessions/exams; synchronous online instruction.
At least one and up to four one-hour (or equivalent) on-campus class sessions/exams on specified days/times noted in MyMav and on syllabus. Some or all other course instruction, materials, exams and projects delivered online synchronously following the class schedule.
International students:
This includes an on-campus component.
For example, a Campus Exams & Synchronous Online Instruction class is scheduled on Mondays/Wednesdays/Fridays from 9:00 to 9:50 am. Students may be required to attend up to four exams scheduled on campus on Mondays throughout the semester (dates and times specified in MyMav and on syllabus). Students will be required to log in and participate live during all or some of the class days and times throughout the semester. MyMav and the course syllabus will specify the dates for on campus components.
CAMPUS EXAMS & ASYN ONLINE INSTR
One to four campus class sessions/exams; asynchronous online instruction.
At least one and up to four one-hour (or equivalent) on-campus class sessions/exams on specified days/times noted in MyMav and on syllabus. All other course instruction, materials, exams and projects delivered online and asynchronously.
International students:
This includes an on-campus component.
For example, a Campus Exams & Asynchronous Online Instruction class is scheduled on Mondays/Wednesdays/Fridays from 9:00 to 9:50 am. Students may be required to attend up to four exams scheduled on campus on Mondays throughout the semester (dates and times specified in MyMav and on syllabus). Students may then work through modules each week on their own schedule, with dates and times for module completion, assignment due dates, and online quizzes/exams clearly indicated in the syllabus and posted in the introduction to each week’s course module. MyMav and the course syllabus will specify the dates for on campus components.
5+ CAMPUS SESSIONS & SYNC ONLINE
Five-plus campus class sessions/exams, majority of instruction synchronous online.
The majority (51%) of course instruction, materials, exams and projects delivered online, with at least five one-hour (or equivalent) on-campus class sessions/exams on specified days/times noted in MyMav and on syllabus.
International students:
This includes an on-campus component.
For example, a 5+ Campus Sessions & Synchronous Online Instruction class is scheduled on Mondays/Wednesdays/Fridays from 9:00 to 9:50 am. Students may be required to attend class sessions on campus every Friday, and online Mondays and Wednesdays during the designated class time. MyMav and the course syllabus will specify the dates for on campus components.
5+ CAMPUS SESSIONS & ASYN ONLINE
Five-plus campus class sessions/exams, majority of instruction asynchronous online.
The majority of course instruction, materials, exams and projects delivered online, with at least five one-hour (or equivalent) on-campus class sessions/exams on specified days/times noted in MyMav and on syllabus.
International students:
This includes an on-campus component.
For example, a 5+ Campus Sessions & Asynchronous Online Instruction class is scheduled on Mondays/Wednesdays/Fridays from 9:00 to 9:50 am. Students may be required to attend class sessions on campus every Monday then work through modules each week on their own schedule, with dates and times for module completion, assignment due dates, and online quizzes/exams clearly indicated in the syllabus and posted in the introduction to each week’s course module. MyMav and the course syllabus will specify the dates for on campus components.