Undergraduate Research - UTA - Research - The University of Texas at Arlington
Undergraduate Research - UTA
Who We Are
The Office of Undergraduate Research (OUR) provides, tracks, and assesses research opportunities for undergraduate students through informal and formalized opportunities. Additionally, OUR provides REU, SRA, & Research/Creative Works support, faculty development opportunities including guidance with the inclusion of research in undergraduate courses, and internal/external funding support.
Schedule Your Research Advising Appointment
What is Research Flyer
OUR Programs
Participation in formalized undergraduate research programs provides a framework for your undergraduate research experience.
OUR Programs
Undergrad Research Education
OUR Staff and OUR Student Ambassadors provide in-classroom, staff/student organization, and office presentations about undergraduate research.
OUR Presentations
Undergraduate Research Stories
Learn more about what we do through personal narratives.
Previous
Next
Meet Anura -
Anura Shrestha
I would like to thank my supervisor Alexandra Lindsay and Dr. Muthu Wijesundara for giving me the opportunity to be a part of the Biomedical...
View Anura's Story
Meet Dominique -
Dominique Lange
I would like to express my deepest appreciation to Dr. Rebekah Chojnacki for her unwavering support and encouragement. She has been instrumental in...
View Dominique's Experience
Meet Efret: 2020 Graduate -
Efret Ghirmazion
I have been involved with Undergraduate Research the last 3 years of my college experience. It has helped me evolve in so many ways such as enhancing...
View Efret's Experience
Meet Jane -
Jane Cloud
Dr. Fadel has given me many opportunities to not only gain practical research experience, such as presenting poster presentations at conferences and...
View Jane's Experience
Meet Nate -
Nathaniel Steadman
I want to thank Dr. Kathleen M. Smits for her continued support and guidance throughout my research experience. I couldn't ask for a better mentor.
View Nate's Experience
Meet Niharika -
Niharika Bansal
Being an international student in the UROP gave me a sense of belonging towards UTA. OUR programs offers a bundle of opportunities to all students of...
View Niharika's Experience
Meet Salwa -
Salwa Shoaib
I would like to express my greatest appreciation for Dr. Jody Greaney for her continuous support and guidance throughout this past year. She has...
View Salwa's Experience
Physics Major -
Ryne Dingler
As a first-generation student, the program helped me develop into a fully competent researcher with strong goals and plans for graduate school.
Aerospace Engineering Major -
Elida Sorto-Ramos
I became a competitive applicant to top Aerospace Engineering graduate programs after GRE classes, conference travel, and application support.
Mathematics Major -
Mayowa Awe, Ph.D.
The summer research internship exposed me to the rigors of conducting original research and gave me a competitive advantage in my doctoral program.
Receive OUR Monthly Newsletters
Subscribe to OUR listserv to receive important information and opportunities on and off-campus.
Subscription Form
Student Research
Opportunities
Policies and Procedures
Student Research Practices
Undergraduate Research
Welcome
About
Get Started
Undergraduate Programs
OUR Programs
ACC Endowment
inSTEM
LSAMP
McNair Scholars
UGRAP
UROP
Colloquium
Education
Resources
Staff Directory
Graduate Research
Contact Us
Email:
UGResearch@uta.edu
Office Location:
Nedderman Hall 246
Appointment Request
Presentation Request
Let us share the benefits of and opportunities within Undergraduate Research in your classroom, organization, event or social.
Presentation Request
Mentis Login
UTA NetID:
Password:
Forgot Password
Help
Administration
Contact Us
Office of Grants and Contract Services
Regulatory Services
VP for Research
Innovation and Commercialization
For Entrepreneurs
For Industry
Research Funding
Research Opportunities
News and Events