Research Centers & Institutes - Research - The University of Texas at Arlington
Research Centers & Institutes
The Science & Engineering Innovation & Research Building
The state-of-the-art teaching and research space will advance health-science discoveries and society's understanding of today's most pressing health issues.
About SEIR
Center for Entrepreneurship and Technology Development
The Center for Entrepreneurship and Technology Development fosters a vibrant and supportive atmosphere for our students, scholars and researchers as they drive to innovate, commercialize new technologies, and pioneer new companies that will impact our North Texas communities and the global economy for decades into the future.
About the center
Center of Excellence for High Energy Physics
The Center of Excellence for High Energy Physics performs fundamental research at the highest energy scales through participation in experiments at the world’s most advanced accelerators.ß
About the Center
Clinical Imaging Research Center
Featuring a new 3-Tesla magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) machine, o
ne of the main research areas for the new center is brain health.
About the Center
Center for Innovation in Health Informatics
The Center for Innovation in Health Informatics draws from the strengths and knowledge of multiple professions and disciplines with the ultimate goal of transitioning from “sick care” to “health care."
LEARN MORE
Cross Timbers APEX Accelerator
Cross Timbers Procurement Technical Assistance  Center helps companies prepare for contracting with local, state and federal governments. Our mission is to increase the number of contracts awarded to companies in the 72 county service area resulting in increased revenue and jobs in the area.
About Cross Timbers
North Texas Genome Center
The North Texas Genome Center provides massive genome sequencing capabilities for biotech and health research.
About the Genome Center
Shimadzu Institute for Research Technologies
The Shimadzu Institute for Research Technologies is a public-private partnership that brought in $25 million in new state-of-the-art research instruments and facilities.
About the Institute
TMAC
TMAC delivers hands-on business management, technology and operations solutions to a wide range of businesses, including manufacturing, distribution, logistics, construction, health care and government.
About TMAC
UT Arlington Research Institute (UTARI)
UTARI partners with government, industry and universities to facilitate early state product development that leads to commercialization and positive impacts to society.
More about UTARI
STEM EDUCATION RESEARCH COLLABORATORIUM AND RESOURCE CENTER
The STEM Center is designed as a hub of innovation for STEM education research within the UT Arlington organization and beyond.
About the Collaboratorium
The Center for Educational Research, Policy, and Practice
The Center for Educational Research, Policy, and Practice serves as a resource for research and collaboration among educators and leaders throughout Texas and the United States.
About the Center
Solid Waste Institute for Sustainability
The Solid Waste Institute for Sustainability works on developing clean and healthy urban cities through sustainable waste management.
About Swis
Center for Renewable Energy, Science & Technology (CREST)
CREST is a center of excellence in energy research and development in Texas.
About CREST
Administration
Contact Us
Office of Grants and Contract Services
Regulatory Services
VP for Research
Innovation and Commercialization
For Entrepreneurs
For Industry
Research Funding
Research Opportunities
News and Events