Graduate Research - Research - The University of Texas at Arlington
Graduate Research
Students come to UTA to change the world, and we will help you reach your goals.
Find a professor to work with
Across disciplines, we are actively pursuing answers.
Search Faculty Expertise
Scholarships and Fellowships
STEM TUITION FELLOWSHIP
Select Engineering and Science graduate students are eligible to participate in the STEM Fellowship program, designed for doctoral degree seeking students, which will afford them significantly reduced tuition and a graduate assistantship. Fellowship includes monthly stipend, 75% tuition coverage and in-state tuition rate. Requirements include enrollment in a doctoral or doctoral-bound Engineering or Science program, 50% assistantship, full-time enrollment, unconditional admission and academic good standing. New students in either a doctoral or doctoral-bound program may hold the fellowship for up to five years. Interested students should contact their department for more information.
GRADUATE DEAN'S DISSERTATION FELLOWSHIP
This fellowship is intended to support doctoral students in the final stage of completing their doctoral dissertations. Fellowship includes a stipend and tuition at the in-state rate. Requirements include doctoral or doctoral-bound summer enrollment, good academic standing, and being at the final stage of dissertation work. These awards will be offered to doctoral students with approved dissertation proposals or prospectuses who have completed all or most of the research needed to complete their dissertations. These students’ efforts should therefore be focused largely on writing their dissertations. Award recipients may not hold any other forms of employment during fellowship term. Interested students must apply through their college or school, and not directly to the Office of Graduate Studies.
I ENGAGE MENTORING (IM) PROGRAM
The IM Program provides funding for doctoral and doctoral-bound students to gain teaching and mentoring experience by serving as a research mentor to a UT Arlington undergraduate. Undergraduates will have the opportunity to work closely with a graduate student mentor on either the mentor's research/creative project or on their own research/creative project. Graduate students will receive a $400 stipend during the term in which they participate in the project.
About the program
ORAU UNIVERSITY PARTNERSHIPS
The U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Science and Technology Directorate Office of University Programs sponsors a 10-week summer internship program for students majoring in homeland security related science, technology, engineering and mathematics (HS-STEM) disciplines. The program provides students with quality research experiences at federal research facilities located across the country and allows students the opportunity to establish connections with DHS professionals. It is open to undergraduate and graduate students in a broad spectrum of HS-STEM Disciplines and DHS mission-relevant Research Areas.
Research Areas
Student Research
Opportunities
Policies and Procedures
Student Research Practices
Undergraduate Research
Welcome
About
Get Started
Undergraduate Programs
OUR Programs
ACC Endowment
inSTEM
LSAMP
McNair Scholars
UGRAP
UROP
Colloquium
Education
Resources
Staff Directory
Graduate Research
Academic and Professional Support
The Office of Graduate Studies
is here to help develop students' potential for research, scholarship, creative expression, and professional success. To this end, we foster knowledge and professional skills, prepare graduate students for roles as thought-leaders, and promote the interests of our students and graduate education.
Graduate Studies
Mentis Login
UTA NetID:
Password:
Forgot Password
Help
Scholarships and Fellowships
For fellowships and scholarship opportunities, visit:
Office of Graduate Studies
MavScholarshop
Administration
Contact Us
Office of Grants and Contract Services
Regulatory Services
VP for Research
Innovation and Commercialization
For Entrepreneurs
For Industry
Research Funding
Research Opportunities
News and Events