Our Alumni Make History - About Us - The University of Texas at Arlington
Our Alumni Make History
About 65 percent of the University’s 250,000 alumni live in North Texas and contribute to our annual economic impact of $22.7 billion in the region.
Unstoppable Momentum
The best way to describe UTA and what it does for our students is to tell the stories of our graduates. Their experiences after graduation paint a vivid picture of how our alumni help shape the world.
Kalpana "K.C." Chawla '84 - Astronaut
Born in India, she was the first woman from that nation to travel in space. She was among the crew members who died in the 2003 Columbia space shuttle accident. UTA's first Residential Learning Center is named in her honor.
Greg Abbott, Attended 1979 - Governor
Governor, State of Texas (2015–Present)
Hunter Pence, Attended 2002–04 - Baseball Player
Retired professional baseball player.
Kathleen Cooper '70, '71 - Business Thought Leader
The former U.S. under secretary for economic affairs from 2001-2005, she is a director of the Williams Companies, a Fortune 200 energy firm, and a founding director of Texas Security Bank in Dallas.
Kelcy Warren '78 - CEO
CEO, Chairman of the Board of Energy Transfer Equity L.P. Appointed to the UT System Board of Regents by Gov. Greg Abbott. Distinguished Alumni Award Recipient, 2007.
Lauren Lane '84 - Actress and Teacher
She starred as C.C. Babcock on the television series The Nanny and has worked in leading regional theaters throughout the country. She is a full-time lecturer at Texas State University.
Lou Diamond Phillips '85 - Actor
Best known for his portrayal of rock-n-roll legend Ritchie Valens in La Bamba, he was nominated for a Tony Award for his role as the King of Siam in the Broadway revival of The King and I.
Martha Burk '68, '74 - Women's Issues Expert
The first woman to earn a Ph.D. at UTA, she is a political psychologist and director of the Corporate Accountability Project for the National Council of Women's Organizations.
Retired Brig. Gen. Robert L. Stewart '71 -  Soldier and Astronaut
He spent 289 hours in space on the Challenger and Atlantis missions, and became deputy commanding general of the U.S. Army Strategic Defense Command.
Tommy Franks '71 - General
Former Commander-in-Chief of the U.S. Central Command
Other notable alumni
B.C. Yen
’81 MS, College of Engineering


President, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation
Teresa White
’88 BBA, College of Business

President, AFLAC U.S.

Distinguished Alumni Award Recipient, 2017
Mike Rhyner
’81 BA, Communications RATV

Host, The Ticket – Sports Radio 1310 AM

Distinguished Alumni Award Recipient, 2017
Deanna Johnston
’92 BBA, Finance

CIO, Shiseido Americas Corporation
Fred Perpall
’98 Master of Architecture

CEO, Beck Group

Distinguished Alumni Award Recipient, 2014
Sam Mahrouq
’91 BA, Journalism, President, Mahrouq Enterprises International Inc.
Jingdong Hua
’93 MBA, Finance

Vice President and Treasurer, World Bank
Lori Bradley
’97 MA, English

Senior VP of Global Talent Management and Organizational Effectiveness, United Airlines
Raj Malik
’93 BS, Computer Science, CEO, BIOWORLD Merchandising Inc.
Serena Simmons Connelly
’95 MS, Social Work

Executive Vice President, Harold Simmons Foundation Inc.

Co-Founder and Board Member, Human Rights Initiative of North Texas

Distinguished Alumni Award Recipient, 2014
About Us
Overview
Fast Facts
Rankings and Recognition
Administration
Our Alumni
Careers at UTA
Facilities
Create Your Own Future
As a student, you’ll be in good company. And as a graduate, you’ll be adding your name to a list of people with some incredible accomplishments and exciting stories to tell.
Apply Now