Activities and Organizations - Student Life - The University of Texas at Arlington
Activities and Organizations
Our campus is full of active, self-motivated individuals and we have all the connections in place to give everyone a chance to get involved and take charge.
Student Organizations
We have groups centered on academics, religion, service, professional passions, and other fun stuff that really defies categorization. With hundreds of options to choose from, there is something to capture your interest and get you connected to a community at UTA.
See organizations
excel
Take your determination as far as you want to go. Through EXCEL, we offer extracurricular opportunities on campus that promote recreational and educational events. And the UTA volunteers take that energy off campus to create an impact in the community.
Become a Member
Student Governance
Lend your voice to speak the will of the students. Improve the quality of the student experience for everyone through resolutions, meetings, and strong, thoughtful leadership. Visit our page and see some of the most recent changes we’ve championed.
Learn More
Cultural Engagement and Social Change
We can say there’s just about everything for everyone on our campus. And a lot of that diversity can be found through our Cultural Engagement and Social Change department, which showcases cultural events and promotes leadership workshops for a more inclusive experience.
Learn About Upcoming Events
UTA Volunteers
We give those who want to improve the world the chance to have an impact before they have a degree. For students who want to give of their own time and effort and get a life-changing experience in return. We help run camps for children with severe asthma. We champion the environment at a family-friendly fall festival. See more of our upcoming projects.
Get Involved
center for service learning
We can give the most civic-minded students a chance to take their determination to improve communities and apply it to any discipline. We work closely with students and faculty to create meaningful connections with unique learning experiences. See how your education can have an immediate impact.
Volunteer Opportunities
URBAN PLANNING AND PUBLIC POLICY MAJOR
Meet Adalis
UTA has been one of the best decisions of my life. We were approved to start the very first Maverick Taekwondo Club and I look forward to building our organization in the Fall. As President, I hope to make an impact through Taekwondo, not just as a physical sport, but character skills for life.
Explore MavOrgs
Get Involved
Make UTA your university and create your future. Follow your interests and you’ll find a lot of interesting people already doing that interesting thing you’re interested in.
Apply Today
Student Organizations
Student Life
Overview
Activities and Engagement
Health and Recreation
Student Services
Veteran Services
Traditions
Student Affairs