Housing - The University of Texas at Arlington
Find Your Path
Your Journey Starts With UTA Housing
First-Time in College Residence Hall Priority!
Coming to UTA as a first-time in college student? Take advantage of your priority status to contract in a Residence Hall!
Review Your Options
Start Your Application
Great options on campus!
Residence Halls
Apartments
Move In Event
Apply Now!
Residence Halls
Simply the best place to experience campus life. Perfect for new students to meet life long friends, get engaged in on-campus events, and enjoy all-inclusive amenities.
Explore
Compare Rates
Apartments
The ultimate on-campus student lifestyle. Six distinctive apartment communities with furnished and unfurnished options.
Options
Compare Rates
Get set to move into our Res Halls or Apartments!
Get set for our 2024 Move-In Event with information about what and what not to bring, as well as all of the on-campus events that take place during Welcome Week
Res Hall Move In
Apt Move In
Get your FREE applications started today!
With our FREE application, it's easy to get started! Housing applications are first-come, first-served, so don't delay and miss your opportunity!
Apply Now!
Start your application
Housing is more than a place to stay!
Residence Halls
Compare Res Hall Rates
Apartments
Compare Apartment Rates
Take a tour with us
Housing Forms
Welcome to UTA Housing!
Check out everything UTA Housing has to offer, as well as what the students say about their experience!
Housing is MORE than a place to stay...
Housing is where you meet life-long friends, where you get to sleep in, where you are just steps away from class, where you have tons of options for dining, and where you find the best chances for academic success!
Housing is academic success
The end goal is to walk across the stage with your degree! With UTA Housing, students that stay with University Housing for four years or more graduate at more than a 90% rate!
Housing is meeting life-long friends!
From roommate matching, to more than 800 events on campus, there's so many ways to find friends like yourself during your journey with UTA Housing!
Housing is getting involved on campus!
Being on campus means never missing out on the more than 800 events that take place on campus each academic year!
Housing is having support
With UTA Housing, you get all of the benefits of 24/7 support, which includes both academic help on campus, as well as support from Residence Directors (on-campus professional staff) and the full group of everyone in Apartment & Residence Life!
Student Testimonies
Listen to what students have to say about living on campus.
Previous
Next
West Hall Resident -
Cecillia Nguyen
West hall is very convenient to other campus facilities.
Read Their Story
Vandergriff Hall Resident -
Elsi Robles
Everything you need is within walking distance.
Read Their Story
Arlington Hall Resident -
Josie Martinez
You are immersed in campus life.
Read Their Story
KC Hall Resident -
Ace Cowan
They host events for you to play games and meet others.
Read Their Story
West Hall Resident -
Leonee Onyekwer
In the residence halls I built lasting friendships.
Read Their Story
Housing
University Housing Office:
University Center Suite 150
301 W First Street
Arlington, Texas 76019
Follow Us On Social:
facebook
Twitter
twitter
Contact Us:
Housing: 817-272-2791
Housing@uta.edu
Apartment & Res Life: 817-272-2926
livingoncampus@uta.edu