Honors College - The University of Texas at Arlington
A place for students who want more
The Honors College
is a diverse community of undergraduates who want to gain the most from their educational experiences. Being an Honors student will push you further than you’ve ever gone before, putting all your skills and perseverance to the test. But the rewards are greater than you can imagine. Are you ready to accept the challenge?
Learn More
Fall 2025
Applications are now open
Students who are interested in the opportunity to live in the Honors RLC or receive a decision before New Maverick Orientation sessions start must apply by the February 23
rd
priority deadline. The final deadline to apply for the fall semester is June 30
th
, and decisions will be sent in mid-to-late July. Please be aware that the Honors College does not do rolling admissions and reviews all applications after the deadline.
Apply
Honors College Events
Curious about our upcoming events? This link will take you to our Events calendar for the current semester.
View the events calendar
Request a Presentation
Interested in having your class learn more about the Honors College? The button will take you to our form where you can sign up to request a presentation from an Honors Advocate.
Request a presentation
WHAT DOES A NEW HONORS STUDENT DO NEXT?
If you are a new student to the Honors College, you're probably wondering what you need to do before your first semester with us. We've compiled a quick and simple guide just for you.
Next Steps after Admission
Fall 2024 issue of Veneratio now available
Veneratio returns for Fall 2024 and details new happenings within the Honors College as well as student reflections on campus-wide developments.
veneratio
Honors Research Symposium
Join us on Friday, April 11
th
from 11:30 AM to 1:30 PM in UC Rio Grande for the Spring 2025 Honors Research Symposium. The Honors Research Symposium (HRS) enables honors students to present the results from months of hard work and dedication in conducting research in a variety of disciplines. HRS is held in the fall and spring semesters and is open to all faculty, staff, students, and the UTA community.
Symposium Abstracts
The Archer Fellowship
The Archer Fellowship Program provides graduate and undergraduate students from across The University of Texas System with a unique opportunity to live, learn, and intern in our nation’s capital during the summer. Washington, D.C. offers unparalleled opportunities for career development and cultural enrichment. While in D.C., students earn in-residence UT Arlington credit for their coursework and gain hands-on work experience in an internship. The Archer Fellowship Program is tailored to students’ own personal and intellectual interests, which allows them to connect their developing expertise to policy and public service.
Link for more Archer Fellowship info
Student Profiles
Meet Fernando
"I chose UTA because I love the cultural diversity on campus."
Read Fernando's Story
Upcoming Events
More Events
Address
College Hall, Suite 108
600 S. West Street
Arlington, TX 76019
Connect with Us
facebook
instagram
twitter
linked-in
Contact Us
Email:
honors@uta.edu
Phone:
817‑272‑7215