RISE 100 - Office of Talent, Culture and Engagement - The University of Texas at Arlington
A University on the Rise
UTA is investing in its future with RISE 100 (Recruiting Innovative Scholars for Excellence), a transformative $60 million effort to hire 100 new tenure-stream faculty over the next few years.  Are you ready to join a community of innovators and educators dedicated to making a positive impact on the world?
View Opportunities
What is Rise 100?
In late 2023, UT Arlington launched the RISE 100 initiative with the goal of hiring innovative scholars with expertise in areas that will make an impact in Texas and the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex.
MAKE A LASTING IMPACT
As one of the nation’s most ethnically and culturally diverse universities, UTA has reimagined what an elite research university can look like when it remains committed to opportunity, academic excellence, and groundbreaking discovery.
PUSH THE BOUNDARIES
The UTA campus serves as a laboratory for innovation, where new knowledge converges with diverse industries and cultures. Through business incubator programs and research collaborations, UTA faculty help fuel economic growth and enhance community vitality.
COLLABORATE ACROSS CAMPUS
Collaboration is key to discovery, and at UTA interdisciplinary research and teamwork across programs, departments, and colleges is encouraged.
READY TO MAKE YOUR MARK?
Embark on a transformative journey with us – let’s shape the future together! Explore opportunities and become part of something extraordinary.
View Opportunities
Learn more
RISE 100 Faculty Review Committee
Our committee, comprising of esteemed individuals including the provost, vice president for research and innovation, and academic leaders, ensures a rigorous review process. They prioritize hiring proposals, identify Target of Excellence Scholars, and contribute to the success of the RISE 100 initiative.
Previous
Next
Provost and Sr. Vice President for Academic Affairs -
Tamara L. Brown
Vice President for Research and Innovation -
Kate Miller
Interim Vice Provost for Faculty Affairs -
Minerva Cordero
Chair of Faculty Senate, Professor of History -
Andy Milson
Dean of the College of Engineering -
Peter Crouch
Associate Dean of Research of the College of Science -
Todd Castoe
Professor of Computer Science and Engineering, Co-Director for the Center for Artificial Intelligence and Big Data -
Chengkai Li
Member of the National Academy of Medicine, Presidential Distinguished Professor of Nursing -
Florence Haseltine
ACS Award for Chromatography, Robert A. Welch Distinguished Professor of Chemistry -
Daniel Armstrong
UTA Academy of Distinguished Scholars, Professor of Marketing -
Larry Chonko
UTA Academy of Distinguished Teachers, Associate Professor of Curriculum and Instruction -
Carla Amaro-Jimenez
Colleges & Schools
Architecture, Planning & Public Affairs (CAPPA)
Business
Education
Engineering
Liberal Arts
Nursing & Health Innovations
Science
Social Work
Strategic Plan
Submit Ideas
We invite our current faculty to submit ideas on our phase two hiring plans, based on UTA’s strategic research areas, which our committee and leadership will use to help guide them. Note that all hiring requests must be submitted through an Academic Dean for consideration.
Submit an Idea