Resource and Energy Engineering - College of Engineering - The University of Texas at Arlington
Bachelor of Science in Resource and Energy Engineering
Curious, Motivated, Change-makers Wanted
Our Resource and Energy Engineering degree is for the Maverick thinkers. The ones who ask the important questions—the what ifs and the why nots. This is a degree for trailblazers who are ready to play a crucial role in solving local, national, and global energy challenges. Resource and energy engineers power the world. Will you join them?
Inquire Now
The Resource and Energy Engineering bachelor's degree program is the only one of its kind in the U.S.
A multidisciplinary degree, covering engineering and science fields and economic and policy issues that will affect decisions now and in the future.
The program prepares students for immediate employment in the energy and consulting sectors.
Resource & Energy Engineering
Empowering you to power the future
With our new Resource and Energy Engineering degree, the nation’s first of its kind, we’re empowering students with the knowledge and skills they’ll need to play vital roles in the ever-growing energy sector.
The high-demand resource and energy engineering fields need tomorrow’s graduates to be skilled, knowledgeable, and ready to hit the ground running. A degree in Resource and Energy Engineering prepares you for a future-ready role that will put you ahead of the other candidates for employment in private and public energy sectors right here at home and far abroad.
If you'd like to know more, please fill out our
inquiry form
and we'll be in touch!
Get Started Now
Request more information or apply now.  Take the first step toward your career in resource and energy engineering.  If you complete the inquiry form an engineering recruiter will reach out to you.
Apply For Admission
Let Us Know About You
What Do Resource and Energy Engineers Do?
Resource and Energy Engineers apply engineering
                                principles to the design, development and operational evaluation of energy
                                generation, storage, conversion, and distribution systems.
The University of Texas at Arlington’s Resource and Energy Engineering bachelor’s degree
            program will prepare students to apply engineering principles to the design, development and operational
            evaluation of energy generation, storage, conversion and distribution systems.
A truly multidisciplinary degree, the Resource Engineering program will include courses in electrical
            engineering, mechanical engineering and industrial engineering, with technical electives in a range of
            engineering and science fields.
The curriculum, which includes instruction in renewable and conventional energy, electrical power
            systems, optimization and energy governance ensures that graduates of the program will be able to
            straddle the line between engineering and business interests to make decisions that will allow companies
            to choose the most efficient modes of energy production while maintaining corporate social
            responsibility and a healthy bottom line.
UTA alumnus Kelcy Warren, executive chairman and chairman of the Board of Directors of Energy Transfer
            LP, has made a $12 million gift to help elevate UTA to the forefront of the growing resource and energy
            engineering field. The gift represents the largest single philanthropic investment in UT Arlington
            history.
The gift will:
Create the Kelcy Warren Endowed Professorship in Resource and Energy Engineering to recruit and
                retain a world-class faculty member to lead the program
Create two Kelcy Warren Endowed Faculty Fellowships to recruit and retain distinguished scholars to
                enhance the REE educational experience
Support state-of-the-art REE laboratory space and equipment that will provide faculty and students
                with the best possible resources to explore solutions to today’s most pressing energy
                challenges
Create the Kelcy Warren Career Experience Center to provide opportunities for engineering
                undergraduates to engage in experiential learning, including internships and co-ops
Provide scholarship support for REE undergraduate students—to be named Warren
                Scholars—to help them fulfill their educational goals
Provide fellowship support for engineering graduate students—to be named Warren
                Fellows—interested in energy industry careers upon graduation
Support research experiences for engineering undergraduates to prepare them for success in the
                energy industry and other high-demand fields
First in the Country
UTA’s Resource Engineering bachelor’s degree program is preparing students to apply
            engineering principles to the design, development and operational evaluation of energy generation,
            storage, conversion, and distribution systems.
Career Outlook
The Resource and Energy Engineering degree program is preparing students for careers in the energy
            sector, working with both renewable and conventional sources. Graduates of the program will be ready for
            immediate employment as energy engineers, design engineers, field engineers, plant engineers, utility
            engineers, energy auditors, renewable energy system integrators for homes and businesses, local and
            state government renewable-energy planners, and other positions in the energy field, or for graduate
            study in resource engineering or other related fields.
Curriculum
The Resource and Energy Engineering curriculum features courses in several core areas, as well as
            technical electives that allow students to customize their program.
ACCREDITATION
The Resource and Energy Engineering program will seek accreditation by the Engineering Accreditation
            Commission (EAC) of ABET as soon as it is eligible to do so.
More About Accreditation
Degrees
B.S. in Resource and Energy Engineering
View
                                in Catalog
Dual Credit
Get a head start on your UTA resource and energy engineering degree in high school!
                                If you have the prerequisites, our courses can be used to satisfy high school course
                                requirements and can be applied toward your undergraduate degree.
UTA Dual
                                Credit Academy
WANT MORE INFORMATION?
The College of Engineering offers so many exciting options for all undergraduate
                                students. Reach out to discover your options in academic majors and more. Click the
                                button below!
Let Us Know
                                About You
College of Engineering
634 Nedderman Hall
Box 19019
416 Yates Street
Arlington, TX 76019-0019
Follow on Social Media
Engineering facebook
Engineering Instagram
Engineering LinkedIn
Engineering Twitter
Engineering YouTube
College of Engineering
Phone:
817-272-2571