Admissions - The University of Texas at Arlington
The University of Texas at Arlington
Maverick Made
For Maverick Made Admitted Student Day you will be embarking on a new chapter full of unforgettable moments, and we're excited for you to see what being Maverick Made is all about!
Learn More
Additional Resources
Request Information
Take a minute to tell us a little about yourself and we will send you all the information you need to know about UTA.
Submit a Request
Tuition and Scholarships
We provide financial aid and scholarships that keep your costs and debt manageable.
Visit Afford
Admitted Students
Let’s get you Maverick ready!
Visit Enroll
Parents
At UTA we are dedicated to your student's support, safety, and success.
Visit Parents
High School Counselors and College Advisors
Together, we help students make wise choices about their educational journey in a globally competitive world.
Visit Counselors
Admissions Outreach & Partnerships
Dedicated retention programs with a focus on empowering high school and community college students.
Visit Partnerships
A University of Excellence
UTA is a Model 21st -Century Urban Research University, setting the standards for innovation, global leadership and diversity.
1
Established Graduates
Number 1 in Dallas-Fort Worth for return on investment.
1
Highest Paid Graduates
UTA graduates have the highest-first-year median wage.
1
First Generation Students
Number 1 in TX for the performance of 1st Gen Students.
5
Most Diverse University
UTA is ranked fifth for undergraduate diversity.
40
Scholarship Opportunities
$30 million scholarships awarded to students each year.
Office of Admissions
Welcome
Apply
Visit
Events
Parents
Admitted Students
Contact Us
Connect with Admissions
Office of Admissions Facebook
Office of Admissions Instagram
Office of Admissions X
Office of Admissions YouTube
Find your Admissions Counselor
Find Your Maverick Factor!
If you are interested in applying to UTA or have questions about admissions requirements, please contact your admissions counselor for your region.
Find my Counselor