UTA's 130th Anniversary - The University of Texas at Arlington
CELEBRATE WITH US
130 YEARS OF EXCELLENCE AND COUNTING
Come join us as we commemorate 130 years of UTA! From its humble beginnings as a private school with just 75 students to its current incarnation as a national research university, UT Arlington has flourished over the past century-plus—and we're ready to celebrate.
130th Anniversary Events
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, UTA!
Be part of UTA Magazine’s anniversary issue!
Join in our celebration of UTA’s 130 anniversary by sharing your own Maverick Memories. Tell us about your time at UTA—the classes you took, the people you met, the places you hung out, the goals you achieved, and the hairstyles you probably should have rethought. Whatever Maverick Memories you want to share, we want to hear! Your memories could be featured in the anniversary edition of our alumni magazine,
UTA Magazine
, this summer.
Submit your #MavMemory
BRANDING RESOURCES
Access the official 130th Anniversary Logo to create your own branded products and giveaways. You can also find other branded assets to use on your website, emails, and social media pages.
View Resources
Student Tartan Design Competition
The winning plaid design will be used for branded merchandise that will be sold in the UTA Bookstore later this year.
Learn More
Steering Committee
Thanks to our 130th Anniversary Steering Committee!
SEE THE COMMITTEE
UTA Over the Years
See UTA's history in photos, from our humble beginnings in 1895 as Arlington College to the #1 rated university in North Texas that we are today.
See the Timeline
Shop Anniversary Gear
Outfit yourself in all the fun new 130th anniversary swag that will be available for purchase both in the University Bookstore and online.
Visit UTA Bookstore
130th Anniversary Events
See More Events
130th Birthday Week
Join us for a week of exciting events leading up to UTA’s 130th Birthday Bash in September. Stay tuned for more information.
130 Birthday Bash at Brazos
The highlight of the University's yearlong 130th celebration, the Birthday Bash at Brazos, will be a party to remember! The event will be open to the campus, alumni, and the larger community. Stay tuned for more information on the celebration planned for September 2025!
Library History Exhibit
The UTA Library will be unveiling a new permanent exhibit in its Special Collections in September. The exhibit will feature all generations of Mavericks and showcase all of UTA's rich history and excellence over the last 130 years.
Time Capsule
To help cap off our 130th year, the University will create and bury a new time capsule! Students, faculty, and staff from every unit on campus can contribute meaningful items. The ceremonial event will feature a formal sealing and burial of the time capsule, which will serve as a lasting symbol of UTA's rich history and hopes for the future.