Be Mavready - Emergency Management - The University of Texas at Arlington
Be Mavready
Emergencies can happen unexpectedly, anytime, and anyplace. Are you MAVReady? Familiarizing yourself with the information on this site before an emergency strike can equip you to respond more effectively.
EMERGENCY TERMS
Outdoor Warning Sirens
If you're outdoors and hear an outdoor warning siren (OWS), it's crucial to move indoors, steer clear of windows, and seek shelter in an internal part of the building (follow signs to designated storm shelters if available). If possible, switch on a weather alert radio, a regular radio, or TV to receive information on the necessary actions to take or wait for instructions from MAV Alert. The activation of sirens can be due to five reasons:
A tornado is in the immediate vicinity.
Severe weather conditions with winds exceeding 70 mph.
The presence of 1.5 inches or larger hail.
An elected official or the University President has ordered the activation of the siren for other emergencies.
Testing is conducted on the first Wednesday of each month at 12:30 p.m., provided the weather is clear.
Additionally, the City of Arlington also conducts tests of their OWS on the first Wednesday of every month at 1 p.m.
Lightning Siren
Siren identifies that there is a potential for lightning to strike in the area. Go inside as quickly as possible.
Lightning sirens are located near the Maverick Stadium and Baseball/Softball Complex.
Loss of Utilities
If your request is for emergency assistance, please use the phone option and call 817-272-2000.
For all other requests, please visit:
Service Call Center - Administration and Campus Operations - The University of Texas at Arlington (uta.edu)
Evacuation
Evacuate the facility upon hearing the alarm or by an official announcement.
Close office doors, turn off lights, and computers.
Use designated corridors and fire exit stairs that lead to the ground level.
Leave the building in an orderly manner.
Do not use elevators.
Follow instructions of fire and other first responders.
Report to emergency responders any individuals left in the building.
Do not re-enter the building until an "All-Clear" is given by emergency officials.
For more information, please visit:
Environmental Health and Safety: UT Arlington
Lockdown
The directive "Lockdown" is used to protect occupants in proximity of an immediate threat by limiting access to buildings and rooms. If no specific locations are given, all buildings should initiate lockdown procedures.
For more information, please visit:
Active Shooter Threat Resources - UTA Police Department - The University of Texas at Arlington
Shelter in Place
Shelter-in-place means to take refuge inside a building. You shelter in place for tornados, active shooter, hazardous materials, and severe weather (hail, lightning, etc.).
For a tornado, go to an interior room without windows / below ground floor if possible (follow signs for designated storm shelter areas if applicable).
For severe weather (hail or lightning), take refuge inside a building. Stay away from glass doors and windows. Wait for the all clear via fire panel, first responder, or MAV Alert.
For hazardous materials, do not go outside unless told to evacuate. Otherwise stop work or class; close and lock all windows, exterior doors, and any openings to the outside. Listen to fire panel, radio, television, or MavAlert for further instructions.
For active shooter, see above.
PERSONAL PREPAREDNESS
Make a Plan
Planning for natural, technological or man-made disasters is not just for institutions and businesses; it’s just as important for families and households, in order to ensure everyone is prepared when an emergency occurs. Go to FEMA's
Ready
website to prepare your household and its members. Once completed, discuss the plan, and practice the plan. Elements to consider when creating your Family/Household Disaster Plan:
•	Out-of-state contact
•	Reunification area(s)
•	Alternate routes to and from work/home
•	Pet preparedness
Build a Kit
It is recommended that everyone acquire 3 emergency kits: one for home, one for the car, and one for work. Kits containing all the essential emergency supplies can be bought online or in stores. However, it is important to customize each kit according to you and your household’s needs.
Click
here
for a suggested list of items for your Emergency Preparedness Kit.
ADDITIONAL RESOURCES
UTA Police:
https://police.uta.edu
FEMA’s Disaster Preparedness Site:
www.ready.gov
North Central Texas Regional Disaster Preparedness Site:
www.knowhat2do.com
National Weather Service Site:
7-Day Forecast 32.73N 97.1W (weather.gov)
UTA Planetarium Site:
Weather at UTA - The Planetarium - The University of Texas at Arlington
KNOW WHO TO CONTACT
EMERGENCY CONTACT PHONE NUMBERS
UTA Police Emergency: 817-272-3003
UTA Police Non-Emergency: 817-272-3381
UTA Environmental Health & Safety: 817-272-2185
UTA Emergency Management: 817-272-0119
UTA Facilities Management: 817-272-2000
UTA Housing: 817-272-2791 or 817-272-2926
Office of Emergency Management
202 E. Border Street
Office of Emergency Management Suite
Arlington, TX 76010
Mailing Address
PO Box 19295
Arlington, TX 76010
Phone: 817-272-0119