Student Accounts - The University of Texas at Arlington
We're here to help.
Schedule an appointment
to discuss your account regarding third-party payments, collections, and everything in between. We offer appointments in person and online via Microsoft Teams.
Office of Student Accounts
The Office of Student Accounts oversees account charges, payments, and payment plans. Additionally, we provide assistance and guidance regarding third-party payments, direct deposit, and more. Office hours: Monday – Friday, 8:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m.
Meet Student Accounts & the Student Money Management Center
Meet the Office of Student Accounts and the Student Money Management Center. We're here to help you with any questions related to your finances at UTA!
Tuition Information
Visit our About Tuition page for more information about charges and rates for the current academic year.
About Tuition
PAYMENT INFORMATION
Visit our Payment Information page to learn more about making payments, payment plans, third-party payments (sponsored students), direct deposit, and important tax information.
Payment Information
Refunds
Refunds are generated when a credit balance exists on your account. Visit our Refunds page for important dates and instructions on tracking your refund.
Refunds Information
Special Programs
Click here to read more about the special enrollment programs available at UTA.
Special Programs
TUITION WAIVERS & EXEMPTIONS
State of Texas exemptions allows qualifying students to be exempt from paying some or all tuition and fees. Visit our Tuition Waivers & Exemptions page to see all waivers.
Tuition Waivers & Exemptions
TUITION INSURANCE
Read about tuition insurance, an option to help overcome the financial losses that may result from withdrawing from the semester due to a covered medical reason.
Tuition Insurance
CONTACT STUDENT ACCOUNTS
Our office is located on the 1st floor of University Administration Building. We are available via phone, email, and in-person services Monday-Friday, 8:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m.
Contact Us
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
Find the answers to frequently asked questions regarding payments, payment plans, late fees, refunds, and more.
FAQ
HELP
View our helpful resources for assistance with important processes regarding your student account. You will find instructional videos and screenshots to guide you through navigation.
Help
FAQ
Got a question? Take a look at our most frequently asked questions. If you can’t find the answer that you need, feel free to contact us.
FAQ
Help Documents
Visit our Help page to view the instructional videos and documents that are currently available.
Help Documents
Office of Student Accounts
701 S. Nedderman Drive, University Administration Building, 1st Floor Rm. 130
Box 19649, Arlington TX 76019-0649 (
map
)
Phone: 817-272-2172
Email: StudentAccounts@uta.edu
Office Hours: Monday-Friday, 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.
Follow us on social media
Student Accounts Facebook
Student Accounts Instagram
Student Accounts Twitter
Student Accounts YouTube