Alumni Relations - The University of Texas at Arlington
The Office of Alumni Relations
Forever a Maverick
In the same way UTA plays a special role in the lives of our alumni, alumni are vital to the success of the University. The Office of Alumni Relations is dedicated to connecting our more than 270,000 alumni with their alma mater and their fellow Mavericks through events, activities, and other resources. Engage with us to ignite your alumni spirit while connecting with your Forever Maverick family.
Connect with your alma mater
Connect with us on social media.
Follow @UTAalumni
Attend UTA events
Throughout the year, we host events and activities to keep your Maverick spirit alive and thriving.
Upcoming Events
Engage with the Maverick community
Join or start an alumni chapter, share advice with new grads, become a mentor, hire a Maverick, and more!
Learn More
Access Benefits
Being a Maverick makes you part of an elite network and provides a growing list of benefits.
View benefits
Change a life
Add UTA to your list of philanthropic causes and support current students with an annual gift.
Give now
Our Alumni
Previous
Next
'96 BA, Political Science -
Ray Casas
Director of Community Impact, Texas Rangers Baseball Club
Read Ray's Story
'04 BA, English -
Shelley Jeoffroy
Texas Association of School Administrators 2023 Texas Teacher of the Year
Read Shelley's Story
’15 PHD, ’10 BS, Aerospace Engineering -
Wendy Okolo
Associate Project Manager for NASA's System-Wide Safety Project
Read Wendy's Story
’08 BA, Anthropology -
Kimberly Jenkins
Fashion historian; Vogue Business 100 Innovators List
Read Kimberly's Story
'20 BS, Computer Science -
Daniel Delago
Flight Software Engineer at SpaceX
Read Daniel's Story
'85 BBA, Systems Analysis -
Lt. Gen. Michael Langley
First Black four-star general in U.S. Marine Corps
Read Lt. Gen. Langley's Story
#UTAProud
See how more UTA alumni are changing campus, their communities, and the world.
Alumni Spotlight
Contact Us
Address:
The University of Texas at Arlington
701 South Nedderman Drive, Suite B13
Arlington, Texas 76019-0198
Phone:
817-272-2584
Email:
alumni@uta.edu
Connect
UTA Alumni Facebook
UTA Alumni Instagram
LinkedIn
UTA Alumni Twitter
Quick Links
Update my info
Request Alumni Membership Card
Request a transcript
Giving