College of Nursing and Health Innovation - The University of Texas at Arlington
Support CONHI for MavsDay
Give today
Read More
Learn more here and register today
Read More
CONHI nursing students have a new uniform
View details here
Learn more today
Read More
Click for details
Asian American/Pacific Islander Nurses Association Conference.
Read More
Request Info
Interested in one of our programs?
Apply
Submit your application online
Donate
Your donations make a difference
College of Nursing and Health Innovation
Welcome to the College of Nursing and Health Innovation, a center of excellence in health care education and research.
We are a college of faculty, staff and students who strive to achieve better health and improve the human condition through training and working as health care professionals, through research in basic and applied health science, and through service to our North Texas community and beyond. We are a college that is still growing and continue to add programs, such as the Ph.D. in Kinesiology and a new Public Health program, expanding the options available to students who come to us wanting to make a difference in health care.
UTA CONHI - Smart Hospital Tour
Take a video tour of the School of Social Work/College of Nursing and Health Innovation Smart Hospital.
View more information about our new Smart Hospital
Undergraduate Programs
Learn more
Graduate Programs
Learn more
Certificates
Learn more
Rankings
#1
Largest producer of baccalaureate educated nurses in the state
#1
Largest not-for-profit college of nursing in the U.S.
3
Holds 3 simultaneous National League for Nursing Center of Excellence designations
More rankings
News
11 March
CONHI Ph.D. Student Named Finalist for Prestigious Award
25 February
CONHI alumnus credits UTA student organization for continued...
UTA CONHI alumnus former president of the UTA HSNA has transitioned into leadership role with the NAHN Dallas Chapter
7 February
UTA spring enrollment grows in key workforce fields
Increases seen in College of Nursing and Health Innovation, College of Science and School of Social Work
17 December
Securing funding one grant writing course at a time
The CRHN Grant Writing course provides valuable strategies for locating and searching for the right funding opportunities
4 November
Clinical Research Imaging Center Opens at UTA
Featuring a 3-Tesla MRI, center focuses on solving complex health research questions
17 September
UTA’s Rural Health Liaison Team: Empowering Communities and...
CONHI's Center for Rural Health and Nursing s positioned to lead the way in supporting one of UTA's key strategic initiatives.
Upcoming Events
More events
Sign up today!
Connect with us on Facebook
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us on Instagram
View this profile on Instagram
UTA CONHI
(@
utaconhi
) • Instagram photos and videos
Follow us on Instagram
Contact Us
411 S. Nedderman Drive
Box 19407, Arlington, Texas 76019-0407
P: 817-272-2776 | F: 817-272-5006
Connect
C O N H I Facebook
C O N H I Instagram
C O N H I LinkedIn
C O N H I Twitter
C O N H I YouTube
College of Nursing and Health Innovation
Directory
Giving
Request Info