Accessibility Resources - The University of Texas at Arlington
Accessibility Resources
Electronic and Information Resources
In order to help you quickly find the information you seek, we have listed the most popular accessibility-related links below.  If none of these seem to be the right fit for your request, please contact UTA’s Electronic and Information Resources Coordinator at 817-272-5961 or email us at accessibility@uta.edu.
Electronic and Information Resources
Campus Resources
Across campus, UTA is working to be inclusive! Contact any of these departments for assistance.
Admissions
If you need accessibility assistance related to admissions, please call 817-272-2090 or visit their website for more information.
Contact Admissions
Alternative Testing Center at SAR Center
The SAR Center also provides the Alternative Testing Center for students.  Visit their website or email
alternativetesting@uta.edu
.
Alternative Testing Center
Facilities
If you encounter an accessibility concern with any of the facilities at UTA, please submit a work order request or contact UTA’s Facilities department by calling the Facilities Management Service Call Center at 817-272-2000.
Submit Work Order Request
Parking and Transportation Services
Contact UTA’s Parking and Transportation Services for assistance with parking permits, finding accessible parking spaces, shuttle services and rapid self-driving shuttles.
Parking and Transportation Services
Technology Approval Process Request
Faculty and staff, use the
UTA Self-Service ServiceNow Portal
to submit a TAPREQ.
Learn more about TAPREQ
Office of the Registrar
For questions related to registration, transcripts or graduation, contact the Office of the Registrar by sending an email to
records@uta.edu
.
Office of the Registrar
Student Access and Resource Center
The SAR Center works collaboratively with students, faculty and staff to create an inclusive educational environment.  Visit the SAR Center Requesting Services page to learn how to request services.
SAR Center Requesting Services
The Center for Research on Teaching and Learning Excellence
CRTLE provides faculty and graduate student support including technology and tools suggestions that fit the teaching context. CRTLE supports faculty use of Teams and Canvas for academic courses.  Submit your questions to
crtle@uta.edu
or call 817-272-7464.
Learn more about CRTLE
Campus Recreation
From recreation programs to Movin’ Mavs, let Campus Rec find a place for you. Call 817-272-3410 to get in touch with the Adaptive Sports staff.
Learn more about Campus Recreation
UTA Libraries
UTA Libraries have a staff that is waiting to assist all library visitors, including those with accessibility needs. The Library has posted hours on their website and a 24-hour chat tool is available.
Accessibility at UTA Libraries
Texas Disability History Collection
UTA Libraries hosts the Texas Disability History Collection showcasing Texas’ central role in the disability rights movement, especially adapted sports and access to higher education.
Texas Disability History Collection
Disability Studies Minor
The interdisciplinary Disability Studies Minor in the College of Liberal Arts explores the experiences of people with disabilities—one of the largest minorities in the United States and worldwide—as well as the ways in which conceptions and representations of disability and “the normal” have shaped human experiences more generally.
Disability Studies Minor
Talent, Culture and Engagement – ADA/ADAA
UTA’s Talent, Culture and Engagement department hosts the ADA Office and Leave Services.  Employees should call TCE at 817-272-5554 or email questions to
askhr@uta.edu
.
HR Resources
Center for Distance Education
Employees and staff may contact The Center for Distance Educations for assistance with Canvas operation services including Canvas policies, Ally, Respondus, Studio and Unicheck.  CDE also offers instructional design support and training.  Give CDE a call at 817-272-5727.
Training and Resources
OIT Service Desk
Contact the OIT Service Desk for help with Canvas, Teams, Outlook, NetID or other common technical issues and IT requests.
OIT Service Desk
Electronic and Information Resources (EIR) Accessibility
The EIR Accessibility Office facilitates institution-wide accessibility compliance for electronic resources.  The EIR Accessibility Office monitors website accessibility as well as use of other EIR across campus. If you discover a webpage or other electronic resource at UTA is not accessible to people with disabilities, please report it to
accessibility@uta.edu
.
EIR Accessibility Office
Contact Us
Electronic and Information Resources Accessibility Coordinator
Phone:
817-272-5961
Email:
accessibility@uta.edu
The EIRAC position reports to IT Performance and Risk Management in the Office of Information Technology.