College of Education - The University of Texas at Arlington
Celebrate with us
Read More
START TEACHING TODAY WITH UTA'S ALTERNATIVE CERTIFICATION PROGRAM
Turn your bachelor's degree into a career in the classroom with our new 100% online Alternative Certification Program.
Alternative Certification Program
Join us!
By giving, you're helping build a brighter future for all.
Give Now
College of Education
Undergrad Degrees
Graduate Degrees
Certificates and Certifications
Online Programs
Undergraduate Degrees
Explore our bachelor's degree programs and certification options for freshmen and undergraduate transfer students.
View Undergrad Degrees
Graduate Degrees
Consider our outstanding master's and doctoral degree programs.
Masters/Doctoral
Certificates and Certifications
Complete a state-approved Texas certification program to become a teacher or principal; empower Hispanic student success via our HSI Certificate; or learn about our undergraduate interdisciplinary leadership minor/certificate.
View Certifications
Online Programs
Complete your graduate degree or certification through one of our 100%, fully online programs.
View Online Programs
Academic Excellence
Our programs are nationally ranked and led by faculty and staff teams who are committed to student success, scholarship, and community engagement.
100%
Reading Specialist Certification Exam Pass Rate
Educator Preparation Program pass rates for the TEA's Reading Specialist Exams (2024)
#15
Best Online Master's in Education Program
U.S. News & World Report (2025)
94%
Teacher Certification Exam Pass Rate
Educator Preparation Program pass rates for the TEA's Content Exams and Pedagogy and Professional Responsibilities (PPR) Exams (2024).
More Highlights
Early Field Experiences in Local Schools
Get hands-on experience in local schools. Our 5-year retention rate for new teachers is 80.1%, among the highest in Texas.
Learn More Here
Flexible Classes
Courses are offered in-person (day and evening) with many programs offered fully online.
Register via MyMav
College of Education News
1 April
New Approach to School Discipline
Challenges with school discipline create a compelling case for change that one UTA researcher wants to tackle.
22 March
Literacies at Play
Faculty’s new book chapter challenges traditional notions of gamer culture
14 May
Maverick Answers Call to Teach Bilingual Ed
“I want to be the teacher I needed.”
27 March
College Wraps Up Career Day
More than 60 districts joined one of the biggest hiring events in North Texas.
8 April
Tiny Tots Help Teach Real-Classroom Concepts
A little lesson for education majors in John Romig’s course is helping Mavericks learn the foundational skills children need for classroom...
22 March
Latinas in Education
Women’s History Month panel focuses on the past and future of Hispanic female leadership.
Start Your Journey
Ready to take the next step? Apply today and unlock exciting opportunities!
Apply Now
Learn More
Information Session
Request Information
Browse Programs
When to Apply
Departments and Center
Teacher and Administrator Preparation
Higher Education Adult Learning and Organizational Studies
STUDENT ADVISING
Our undergraduate and graduate advisers can provide help with registration, course schedules, and more.
Undergraduate Advising
Graduate Advising
Education Advising
Address
701 Planetarium Place
Trimble Hall, Room 105, Box 19227
Arlington, TX 76019-0227
Advising Emails
Undergraduate Students:
coedadvising@uta.edu
Graduate Students:
coedgrad@uta.edu
Phone
817-272-2956
General College Contacts
Address
701 Planetarium Place
Hammond Hall, 5th Floor, Box 19227
Arlington, TX 76019-0227
Email Addresses
General Email:
education@uta.edu
Office of Educational Certification:
coedcertification@uta.edu
Office of Educational Field Experiences:
coedfield@uta.edu
COED Admissions:
coedadmissions@uta.edu
Alternative Certification Program:
acpteacher@uta.edu
Phone
817-272-2591
Connect with Us
The official LinkedIn account for the UTA College of Education
The official Facebook account for the UTA College of Education
The official Instagram account of the UTA College of Education
The official X account for the UTA College of Education
The official YouTube account for the UTA College of Education