Military & Veteran Services - The University of Texas at Arlington
Video banner with information. Scroll down for FAQ, click the karat icon for a drop down menu if you're on mobile, don't forget to certify your benefits.
Play
Video banner with information. Scroll down for FAQ, click the karat icon for a drop down menu if you're on mobile, don't forget to certify your benefits.
Announcements
The new academic year (FALL 2025 - SUMMER 2026) Hazlewood applications will not open until June 2025!
Federal Benefit Users
: You must certify your courses online (as well as any adds or drops) as soon as possible to avoid delays in your benefits.
Hazlewood Users
: When you apply for Hazlewood, be sure to select all terms you want the exemption applied to. Pay your
Student Services Fee
as soon as possible to avoid late fees.
Inclusive Access fees
must be paid by the student as soon as possible to avoid late fees. These fees are considered course materials, and are therefore not covered by Hazlewood or GI Bill tuition funds.
All
Active Duty, Guard, and Reserve
personnel should talk to their unit education liaison
before
applying to UTA.
Summer 2025 Deadlines
CH33 POST 9/11 USERS
All VA education benefit certifications should be submitted
as soon as possible
to avoid any delay in receiving your benefits. To receive the Veteran Benefit User hold for summer, you must certify
by 5/29/2025 at 5pm.
HAZLEWOOD USERS
To guarantee receipt of the tuition exemption before summer classes start, completed Hazlewood applications must be submitted by
5/2/2025 at 5pm
. Applications may still be submitted after this date but students might need to pay and wait to be reimbursed.
ALL ACCELERATED ONLINE (AO) STUDENTS
All VA education benefits certifications and Hazlewood applications must be submitted by the deadlines shown above
to avoid being dropped for nonpayment. If this deadline is missed, you will need to pay for your courses upfront and wait for reimbursement.
You MUST indicate that you are AO on your respective applications.
Certify Benefits
Certify Benefits
Frequently Asked Questions
How do I use my education benefits at UTA?
You must be accepted to UTA before we can accept documents. You must be enrolled in classes before we can process your benefits.
VA Benefits
Click "VA education Benefits" in the top left of this webpage, then scroll down to your respective benefit and click the certification steps. You'll see all the documents we need, as well as the link to our online certification form.
Hazlewood
Click "Hazlewood Exemption" in the top left of this webpage, then scroll down to find the application for your respective benefits. After clicking on it, you'll see the bullet list of all required documents. You can then follow the instructions below to access the MyMav form where all documents are uploaded and submitted.
Tuition Assistance
TA is treated as a sponsorship at UTA. Please visit the
Sponsored Students webpage
for more information. All Active Duty, Guard, and Reserve personnel should consult with your unit education liaisons before being admitted into UTA.
Why do I still have a balance on my account?
In many cases, it is normal to have an outstanding balance.
If you're a CH33 Post 9/11 or Fry Scholarship user:
Tuition and fees are not requested from the VA until after the census date. If you certified your classes before the deadline mentioned above, you should have a Veteran Benefit User hold on your account to prevent being dropped or accruing late fees. After we request your tuition funds from the VA, it can take 3-6 weeks for the money to hit your account. You can also verify you certified all of your courses by reviewing the confirmation email received each time you submit a cert.
If you're a Hazlewood user:
It can take some time for MyMav to run verification processes and apply the exemption between semesters. If classes are approaching fast,
be sure you meet SAP
(satisfactory academic progress) and you are registered for Selective Service. You can also review your Hazlewood application in MyMav to ensure you requested to have Hazlewood applied to a given semester. Hazlewood must be renewed each fall, and can be applied for the entire academic year (fall, spring, and summer).
If you're a CH30, CH 35 DEA, or CH1606 user:
The VA does not cover your tuition, rather, they provide you an allowance directly. Therefore, it is your responsibility to pay according to UTA's payment due dates.
If you're a CH31 VR&E user
:
Please verify with your VR&E counselor that an authorization letter has been sent. After it is sent, it can take about a week
to
see your charges covered. Please contact our office if you are at risk of being dropped or accruing late fees.
CH33 Post 9/11 does not cover Inclusive Access fees
Hazlewood does not cover Student Service or Inclusive Access fees.
I dropped a course. How does this affect my benefits?
VA Education Benefits
The VA does not pay for courses you do not complete. If you drop/withdraw from a course, you will very likely owe tuition and fees back to UTA for those dropped courses.
In addition, you might also receive a debt letter from the VA for respective allowances. This letter will include a number to contact the VA directly and discuss resolving the debt.
Hazlewood
The Hazlewood exemption will cover dropped courses and your hours will be deducted as normal.
I'm a CH35 DEA user. What is my VA file number?
The VA file number is typically the veteran's SSN. However, it can also be a specific ID number assigned by the VA.
The CH35 file number is required for ALL CH35 users. If you do not include the file number on your certification, your entitlements may be delayed because we will have to reach out and ask you for it.
Can I use Financial Aid with my education benefits?
YES.
You can submit your FAFSA every year beginning Oct 1. All eligibility for federal and state grants, loans, etc. is determined by the information on your FAFSA. Keep in mind, your education benefits may affect your Financial Aid award. Please reach out to the Financial Aid office at fao@uta.edu for assistance.
I don't have enough Hazlewood or CH33 Post 9/11 benefits to cover my entire semester. What do I do?
If you do not have enough Hazlewood hours to cover the semester
Hazlewood will be applied to cover part of your tuition, proportional to your remaining hours. You can estimate how much tuition Hazlewood will cover using the formula below.
(Tuition / hours enrolled) x remaining Hazlewood hours
Keep in mind, you will hold an outstanding balance until the end of the term to avoid multiple adjustments as students add and drop courses throughout the semester. Once partial Hazlewood is applied, the student should pay the rest of their balance as soon as possible.
If your CH33 Post 9/11 runs out before the semester ends
Our office does not make these decisions and cannot guarantee what the VA will do. Most veterans will have their benefits extended to the end of the term. Dependents will most likely receive a partial tuition payment from the VA, and their allowances will cut off once their entitlements run out.
In both cases, PLEASE contact the VA at 888-442-4551 for clarification
.
Once the VA pays their portion of the tuition, the student should pay the rest of their balance as soon as possible.
If you intend to switch from CH33 Post 9/11 to Hazlewood
If your CH33 is running out, you may be able to use Hazlewood to cover the remainder of your tuition. After we've certified your courses for the semester, please reach out to the VA to receive an exhaustion letter (this is the final Certificate of Eligibility). Your exhaustion letter must be submitted with your Hazlewood application. We cannot apply Hazlewood until tuition funds are received from the VA.
My Financial Aid paid for my tuition even though I use CH33 Post 9/11 or Hazlewood. What gives?
Financial Aid always defaults to covering tuition first. Once tuition funds are received from the VA, or the Hazlewood exemption is applied, any funds in excess of your remaining tuition will be automatically refunded to you.
What is the status of my VA certification or Hazlewood application?
In all cases, we review submissions in the order they are received.
VA Certifications
You will receive an automated VA email once we submit your enrollment to the VA. If we are missing any documents or have any questions about your certification, we will email you directly using your MAVS email address.
Hazlewood Applications
You can view the status of your Hazlewood application by navigating to it within MyMav. Once a decision is made, you will be notified by email.
Can I combine my veteran education benefits at UTA?
It depends.
It is common to use Hazlewood with a VA benefit ONLY when the VA doesn't cover your entire tuition. You may be eligible to combine your VA benefit with Hazlewood if:
You are a CH35 DEA or CH30 Montgomery GI Bill user (Hazlewood will cover your full tuition)
You are a CH33 Post 9/11 user entitled to less than 100% of your GI Bill
You expect to fully exhaust your CH33 Post 9/11 benefits before the end of the semester
When will I hear back after sending an email?
Email responses usually arrive in 1-3 business days, but can take longer during peak business periods.
If you only submitted documents without asking a question, please confirm receipt of our automated confirmation email. If you received the confirmation email, your documents were received by our office and will be filed in order of queue. Sometimes our automated confirmation email will be automatically minimized by Outlook.
Does UTA offer an application fee waiver for military-connected students?
UTA does currently offer an application fee waiver for veterans. Please contact us or the Admissions Office for more information.
Other admissions fee waivers may be program specific, and not administered by our office
. Please contact an admissions representative for more information.
Is the UTA veterans office part of the VA?
No.
Our office is strictly part of UTA and we do not have access to any military or VA records unless they are provided by the student. We act as a liaison to help veterans and military-connected students use their education benefits at UTA, and we provide services, programs, and events designed for career readiness.
Explore our departments and programs
Military and Veteran Services
VETERANS UPWARD BOUND
VETSUCCESS ON CAMPUS
Explore our  UTA partner  Military affiliated departments and programs
UTA ARMY ROTC
MAVVETS STUDENT VETERANS OF AMERICA
VETERANS BUSINESS OUTREACH CENTER
UTA CAMPUS MAP
View Map
Military Connected Mavericks
Previous
Next
-
Meet Jessica
Jessica continues to be a leader by being a member of SALUTE Veterans National Honors Society and being involved in the Military and Veteran Services...
View Jessica's Story
-
Meet Derron
Derron continues to be a leader by being available as a mentor to fellow veterans &amp; service members.
View Derron's Story
Meet Yasmine -
Yasmine continues to be a leader by being a member of SALUTE Veterans National Honors Society and being involved in the Military...
View Yasmine's Story
Meet Miya -
Miya continues to be a leader by working as a PAL Student Teaching Assistant for the UNIV 1101 Veterans Section.
View Miya's Story
Meet Marielle -
Marielle shows leadership by being responsible for communication through radio frequency transmissions systems in the U.S. Air Force
View Marielle's Story
-
Meet Tamekia
Tamekia continues to be a leader by working in the UTA Veterans Education Benefits Certification Office helping fellow Military-Connected Students.
View Tamekia's Story
Military Times
Read up on current military updates and other educational articles on Military Times
Education Channel
Department of Veteran Affairs
Learn more about your VA Benefits and Health Care.
VA.GOV
UTA Voted Best for Vets College by Military Times
#5
Best for Vets Colleges 2024
Military Times
#2
Best for Vets Colleges 2023
Military Times
#4
Best for Vets Colleges 2022
Military Times
#1
Best for Vets Colleges 2021
Military Times
#1
Best for Vets Colleges 2020
Military Times
#7
Best for Vets Colleges 2019
Military Times
SPONSORSHIP & SUPPORT
Make a positive, lasting impression on our new students and their families.
Become A Sponsor
Didn't Find What You Were Looking For?
Financial Aid
Resources
Certify Benefits
Contact Us
LOCATION : 406 SUMMIT AVE.
Phone: 817-272-3017
Email : va@uta.edu
Student Complaints
Connect
Veterans Facebook
Support
Community That Cares
OSD
CAPS
Dean Of Students