Student Affairs - The University of Texas at Arlington
We are here to help
The Division of Student Affairs and all departments are here to connect, care and support you both in-person and virtually.
Letter from the VP
Welcome to Maverick country! We are excited to welcome you into the UTA family.
The Division of Student Affairs is committed to ensuring your academic, professional and personal journey is a successful one. We are here to help you accomplish your goals through the wide range of events, opportunities and support services we offer. We encourage you to jump right in, get involved and be an active member of the UTA community. Make the most of your time here by joining a club or organization. Stay healthy and relieve stress through the fitness and wellness activities at the Maverick Activities Center. Take advantage of career and leadership development programs.
Make new friends as you participate in Maverick traditions such as Welcome Week and MavsMeet Convocation, Oozeball, Friends and Family Weekend, Homecoming and Bed Races
. We invite you to explore anything that sparks your interest.
UTA is a community that cares about you. We have a supportive environment, offering a wide variety of services across campus. Take advantage of student-centered support including academic support services, tutoring, advising, health services, counseling and psychological services, relationship violence and sexual assault prevention, financial services, and more.
As you move toward graduation, we want you to gain the Maverick Advantage—a unique set of experiences that will set you, as a skilled and experienced professional, apart as you begin your post college career. The Division of Student Affairs provides an enriching environment full of opportunities to make global connections, engage with the community, research and innovate—on and beyond campus, all while having fun and growing your personal network. We hope you will use your time on our beautiful campus to realize your full potential and activate your Maverick spirit.
We have a motto in the Division of Student Affairs…
We’re in the business of changing lives.
And, as a member of the UTA family, we aspire to help you live your very best collegiate life. Whether you’re attending an event sponsored by Student Activities or feasting with friends at the International Food Fair, attending a Career Development Center job fair or taking an
alternative break
with the Student Leadership Center, please don’t hesitate to get in touch with any member of our team to share how we can make your journey here the best it can be. Your success is our top priority and we’re happy to help!
This is just the beginning. Your boldest adventure starts now! The UTA faculty, staff, and I look forward to getting to know you and helping you achieve your wildest dreams. Welcome to UTA.
With immense Maverick Pride,
Lowell K. Davis, Ph.D.
Vice President for Student Affairs
Want the VP of Student Affairs at your event?
Request a speech or appearance from the VP of Student Affairs at the link below!
Request VP Speech/Appearance
About the Division of Student Affairs
Our Departments
The Division of Student Affairs is composed of 22 departments and programs, approximately 200 professional staff members and advises nearly 330 student organizations.
Department Directory
Create Your Story
We invite you to learn more about where students come to life through activities, organizations, and more.
Get Involved
See What's Happening
The excitement never stops at UTA with all sorts of events happening now, in-person or virtually. From career fairs to work-outs- there's something for everyone to enjoy. Check out our events page and follow us on social media to keep up with everything that's going on.
See Events
Career Preparation
Our students and alumni are the best and the brightest. They've been shaped by rigorous academics and professors who stand at the top of their fields. They are innovators. They are scholars.
Achieve More
Find Support
When you join the Maverick family you've immediately joined one of the biggest, most caring support systems that there is. We are going to be with you every step of the way and offer resources that will set you on a path towards a bright future.
Student Support
Parents and Family
Engaging, educating and supporting the entire family are three of our top priorities. Check out the resources and events that will make mom and dads life a little bit easier.
Resources
Parent and Family Weekend
Follow Us
@UTAstudents
Follow us!
#MaverickSpirit
#UTAcares
View #UTACares
#forevermaverick
View #forevermaverick
Didn't find what you were looking for?
Student Housing
Student Centers
Department Directory
Academic Success
Contact Us
Location: 300 West 1st Street, Suite 180H
Phone: 817-272-6080
Email: studentaffairs@uta.edu
Student Complaints
Department Directory
Connect
Student Affairs Facebook
Student Affairs Instagram
Student Affairs Twitter
Student Affairs YouTube
Support
Community That Cares
Counseling and Psychological Services
Dean of Students
Maverick Crisis Line