Health and Recreation - Student Life - The University of Texas at Arlington
Health and Recreation
We have lots of activities for the active. There are plenty of ways to give your body a workout to rival the one your mind gets in class.
Intramural Sports
Mavericks come in all skill levels. Intramurals are the best way to get everyone in the game. We play everything from bowling and flag football to dodgeball and video game tournaments.
Intramurals
Maverick Activities Center
The MAC is the unofficial center of the UTA campus. It’s usually full of people competing, meeting, gaming, swimming, dunking basketballs, serving volleyballs, talking, listening, and eating together.
MAC
Sport Clubs
If you want to take your game on the road without competing at a Division I level, we have a range of Club Sports. Everything from aikido to wrestling with some ultimate frisbee flung in the middle.
Sport Clubs
Campus Recreation
The best resource for learning how to fit in your fitness. We'll show you when to get your MAC on, how to bring it intramural-style, where to take the aquatic plunge, who can help you take training personally, and everything else fitness/wellness-related on campus.
Campus Recreation
Health Services
We can help you stay in the game by promoting health and helping you maintain top shape—starting with a medical clinic that operates 5 days a week throughout the entire year.
Health Services
Students With Disabilities
The opportunities on campus are open to everyone. And our Office for Students with Disabilities makes sure everyone has equal access to all of them.
Students With Disabilities
Counseling and Psychological Services
We offer confidential, professional help with academic, career, and personal problems. We also host seminars and workshops. Get assistance to deal with short-term issues and guidance for long-term solutions.
Counseling and Psychological Services
We are here to help
Here are programs, offices, and services available to you if you need help at any time.
Community That Cares
#UTACares Events
Admissions Events
Recruitment hosts a variety of events and learning opportunities.
Apply Today
If you're ready, so are we. The next step is to apply.
Visit Campus
Take a tour of our campus and see what UTA is all about.