UTA grad programs show strength in national rankings - News Center - The University of Texas at Arlington
UTA grad programs show strength in national rankings
U.S. News & World Report ranks UTA programs in nursing, business, engineering and education among nation’s best for 2025
Tuesday, Apr 08, 2025
 • Brian Lopez  :
contact
The University of Texas at Arlington continues to be recognized among the nation’s top universities for graduate education, with programs ranked in the U.S. News & World Report’s 2025 Best Graduate Schools list.
UT Arlington’s highlights include:
College of Nursing and Health Innovation
(nursing master’s program) ranked No. 56
College of Business
(part-time MBA) ranked No. 58
College of Engineering
ranked No. 81
College of Education
ranked No. 173.
“Our strong rankings reflect the university’s commitment to developing skilled professionals who are shaping the future of Texas industry,” UTA President Jennifer Cowley said. “UTA continues to excel at preparing graduates for high-demand careers in the workforce to help power our region’s economic success.”
Related:
UTA surges in national online grad program rankings
The College of Nursing and Health Innovation improved in multiple key metrics, including student-faculty ratio, faculty qualifications and nursing practice participation. The program was also recently awarded a five-star rating and recognized by Money.com as one of the best nursing master’s programs for value.
Related:
UTA advances in national rankings
“Our academic programs are designed to equip students with the skills and knowledge necessary for career-readiness upon graduation,” said Tamara L. Brown, UTA provost and senior vice president for academic affairs. “This provides graduates with the opportunity to make an immediate and meaningful impact in their communities and beyond.”
Located in the heart of the Dallas-Fort Worth—one of the fastest-growing regions in the country, UTA produces graduates who make an impact across industries such as health care, engineering, business, technology and finance.