College of Science - The University of Texas at Arlington
PUSHING THE FRONTIERS OF KNOWLEDGE
The College of Science offers a world-class education where classroom learning is enhanced by collaborative research in the laboratory and in the field.
Departments
HANDS-ON LEARNING
Intensive research opportunities in the lab and in the field abound and will make a huge difference in your educational experience.
Research
BECOME A MAVERICK SCIENTIST TODAY
Ready to take the first step to becoming a leader of the next generation of scientists? Apply to UTA and the College of Science!
Learn more
INNOVATE. DISCOVER. LEARN.
Through scientific education and research we're equipping the next generation of scientists to find solutions to many of the serious problems our world faces today. Science is responsible for much of the progress we have collectively made as a society, and an emphasis on scientific knowledge is crucial to our future. UTA
offers more than 50 bachelor’s, master’s and doctoral degree programs in
Biology
,
Chemistry and Biochemistry
,
Earth and Environmental Sciences
,
Mathematics
,
Physics
,
Psychology
, and
Data Science
, as well as preparing future leaders in
Health Professions
and future teachers in
UTeach Arlington
. If your passion is helping to improve the world through science, you've come to the right place. Join us and chart your course to becoming a Maverick Scientist today!
DEPARTMENTS & PROGRAMS
Biology
CHEMISTRY AND BIOCHEMISTRY
EARTH AND ENVIRONMENTAL SCIENCES
MATHEMATICS
PHYSICS
PSYCHOLOGY
DATA SCIENCE
Health Professions
UTeach Arlington
What Makes Maverick Science Unique?
Diverse & Inclusive
Research Focus
Right in the Middle
Diverse & Inclusive
Find people like you and people not like you in one of the most diverse campus populations in the nation. We’re large enough to garner R1 status as a research institution, yet we’re also a community committed to innovating, discovering and learning together in a diverse and inclusive environment.
Research Focus
We encourage all incoming students to get plugged into research. Innovate, discover and learn alongside world-class faculty in state-of-the-art facilities like the SEIR Building and the Shimadzu Research Institute. We find answers and solutions to important questions and problems.
Right in the Middle
UTA is situated in the heart of the D-FW Metroplex. Internship and career opportunities abound, from tech startups to Fortune 500 companies. When you need a study break, you know you’ll enjoy your college experience with ample options for cuisine, nightlife, concerts, and sporting events.
YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT…
Have you heard about these exciting opportunities available in the College of Science?
DATA SCIENCE PROGRAM
The degree programs in our Division of Data Science help Maverick Scientists learn how to solve any analytical problem, regardless of the field. You’ll learn the software and skills necessary today, but also the foundations to grow and evolve in a quickly changing field. With our bachelor's degree program, you can sharpen your ability to do better science by earning a data science degree with an emphasis in your specific field of science. This empowers Maverick Data Scientists to become better researchers and better scientists in their chosen discipline. We also offer an M.S. in Applied Statistics and Data Science which can be completed in three semesters. This degree is designed for students from a wide range of backgrounds, including those with STEM degrees and those with non-technical backgrounds, such as business majors.
Explore Program
MAVERICK SCIENCE STUDENTS SHARE THEIR STORIES
These students are achieving their goals in the College of Science. Your story could be next.
Previous
Next
-
MEET RUSHIKESH
"I think the thing I like best about UTA is how diverse the campus is and how warm and welcoming everyone is."
Read Rushikesh’s story
-
Meet Tiffany
"I have had great experiences with my professors here at UTA. The faculty are very welcoming and friendly."
Read Tiffany’s story
-
Meet Uche
" I can proudly say that UTA has made me the woman I am today"
Read Uche's Story
-
Meet Michael
"UTA has seemingly endless resources for students"
Read Michael's Story
-
Meet Nusrat
"The experiences I have had at UTA have contributed greatly to preparing me for my future career"
Read Nusrat's Story
-
Meet Katherine
"Choosing to attend UTA was the best decision I could have made for myself to further my education."
Read Katherine’s story
-
MEET LYDIA
"The experiences I have had a UTA... have prepared me for the career of becoming a research scientist."
Read Lydia’s story
Take the Next Steps
Become a Maverick Scientist
Join us and chart your course to becoming a Maverick Scientist today.
Apply Now
Visit Campus
Come see for yourself why you belong here in Maverick Country. Registration for in-person campus and housing tours is now open or visit virtually.
Visit UTA
Get More Info
Learn about our undergraduate or graduate admissions process and programs and connect with a member of our College of Science recruitment team.
Contact Us
News
10 March
Biochemist’s impact on science and students honored
UTA’s Kayunta Johnson-Winters named American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology fellow
10 March
UTA team wins prize for vital U.S. magnet technology
Physics professor J. Ping Liu helps boost nation’s energy security and advance toward a world-class magnet research hub
21 February
Jones wins international award for development of...
UTA physicist honored by International Committee for Future Accelerators at conference in...
27 February
Birds breathe in dangerous plastics—and so do we
A UTA study finds high levels of microplastics in bird lungs, raising alarms about the pollution humans inhale daily
6 March
Brain mapping unlocks key Alzheimer’s insights
A UTA, University of California–San Francisco study explores why some nerve cells are more vulnerable to neurodegeneration
21 January
Armstrong receives international honor for contributions to...
Esteemed UTA professor named recipient of the 2025 Pittcon Analytical Chemistry Award
UTA Planetarium
Come see a show in one of the premier stargazing facilities in the nation!
Explore the UTA Planetarium
UTeach Arlington
Our highly successful secondary science and math teacher preparation program.
Learn more about UTeach Arlington
Student Organizations
The College has over 30 student orgs and societies covering every field of science.
Explore Student Organizations
Science Ambassadors
Our Ambassadors put on fun, educational science shows for area school kids.
Learn more about Science Ambassadors
COLLEGE OF SCIENCE
Life Sciences Building, Room 206
501 S. Nedderman Drive
Box 19047
Arlington, TX 76019
Social Media
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
LinkedIn
Spotify
CONTACT US
Phone:
817-272-3491
Fax:
817-272-3511
Email:
cos@uta.edu