Career Development Center - The University of Texas at Arlington
The Career Development Center
Our Performance
24,862
Number of Overall Posted Internships
63,501
number of overall posted jobs
26,915
NUMBER OF ACTIVATED STUDENTS & ALUMNI IN HANDSHAKE
17,828
number of approved employers in Handshake
649
number of all events
18,277
NUMBER OF STUDENTS & ALUMNI ATTENDING ALL EVENTS
Handshake
Handshake is the #1 way you can find jobs and internships. Handshake makes it easy for employers to recruit you.
Handshake Login
Mentorship Program
MavMentors is our mentorship program focusing on building connections between students, alumni, and employers through an online platform.
MavMentors
Student Employment
Our office is here to support you with on-campus student employment.
Student Employment
Jobs & Internships for students
Gain skills and get hands on experience through a job or internship. Start your search here.
Search Internships
Coursera Career Academy
Add an industry skills credential to your UTA degree with the UTA Coursera Career Academy.
Coursera Programs
Experiential Major Map
Experiential Major Maps (EMM’s) are designed to help undergraduate students choose the correct courses needed to complete a degree at UTA as well as highlight important co-curricular activities, such as career development.
Learn more about EMM's
Events for Students and Alumni
Participate in one of our many upcoming events and activities designed to build your career and professional skills.
Check Our Events
Services & Events for Employers
We offer our employer partners a variety of opportunities to connect and engage with UTA talent!
Employer Services
UPCOMING EVENTS
Looking to enhance your career skills or connect with UTA's top talent? We host a variety of events throughout the year for both employers and students. Employers can scout out our finest students for jobs and internships, while students and alumni can take part in events to practice interview skills, refine resumes, and network with potential employers. Find the information you need below.
Spring 2025 Events
Student Resources
Join Handshake
Student Email Contact
MavMentors
Focus2
Interview Stream
Employer Resources
Handshake
Employer Email Contact
Overview for Employers
Events for Recruitment
Faculty & Staff Resources
Internships
On Campus Student Employment
Services & Offerings
Special Programs
Contact Us
E.H. Hereford University Center.
Phone: 817-272-2932
Email Us
Student Complaints
Social
Twitter - UTA Careers
Facebook - UTA Careers
Instagram - UTA Careers
LinkedIn - UTA careers
If you are unable to access our services virtually or need accommodations for any of our services and offerings please email
careers@uta.edu
, call us at
817-272-2932
, or visit our office in the University Center, Suite 180S.