Student Life - The University of Texas at Arlington
Student Life
UTA offers a vibrant experience where students can connect with each other and their campus. They live, learn, and explore together in an inclusive community designed to inspire.
UTA Events
Get Started
UTA, where countless opportunities for personal and social growth await, creating lasting connections and unforgettable experiences.
Apply
Health & Recreation
From sport clubs to counseling and psychological services, we want our students to maintain a healthy lifestyle. Our health and recreational programs give students an outlet to decompress through mental and physical wellness.
Discover More
Activities and Organizations
UTA offers many extracurricular activities and programs for you to explore.
Get Involved
Athletics
Whether you're an athlete or a fan, you're sure to make memories with UTA Athletics. Our NCAA Division I men's and women's sports teams will have you on your feet and cheering the Mavericks on to victory.
Find a Game
Traditions
Our traditions are shared among Mavericks of all generations and show how far we've come together. Learn more about UTA's traditions and get involved.
See Traditions
Live on campus
Make your home away from home. UTA offers six residence halls across its campus from suite-style housing to room sharing. For students who opt to live off-campus, we provide resources to help you find accommodations that are conveniently located near campus.
More On Housing Options
Student Centers
Explore our two student centers: The University Center, which features several dining locations, a Starbucks, a USPS mail center, and meeting and ballroom spaces; and The Commons, which includes an all-you-care-to-eat dining facility, a Starbucks, and more space to study or meet with friends.
More about student centers
Student Support Services
From selecting courses to setting academic goals, UTA has a talented group of staff members dedicated to coaching students through their college careers.
Learn More
Student Affairs
Students are the heartbeat of the UTA campus. We provide an inclusive environment that empowers each student to succeed both on and off campus.
Explore
Dining
They say the best memories are made when gathered around the table. Our dining centers offer away-from-home homestyle cooking and a space for students to gather, eat, and connect.
Explore University Dining
Fraternity and Sorority Life
UTA fosters an environment to connect with like-minded students whose core values embody the four pillars of fraternity and sorority life: academic support, community service, leadership development, and lifelong friends.
Fraternity and Sorority Life
Campus Accessibility
UTA is a physically accessible campus, offering reasonable accommodations and auxiliary aids and services for students, faculty, and staff with disabilities.
Student Access and Resource Center
Military and Veteran Services
Serving Veterans and their Families
UTA has a long and proud tradition of serving veterans and their families, dating back to the University’s founding in 1895.
Veteran Services
Veteran's Orientation
MavVets
Upward Bound Program
Your Success Story is Next
At The University of Texas at Arlington, success is found all over campus. Yours could be next.
Previous
Next
Nursing Major -
Meet Adriana
Thanks to FLOC, I learned leadership skills and how an organization functioned.
Explore Student Organizations
Men's Basketball -
Meet Kaodirichi
The support from our donors, season ticket-holders, and fans means the world to me. They truly make being a Maverick something special!
Learn More about UTA Athletics
Biology Major -
Meet Reema
I love how celebrated diversity is at UTA and how no one has to worry about not seeing people that look like them.
Student Resources
Exercise Science Major -
Meet Daniel
A couple students told me I enhanced their orientation experience. It meant so much to me because I was able to help them become an excited Maverick!
Register for Orientation
International Business Major -
Meet Auroya
I came to UTA because I wanted a school that would accept me for who I am and give me awesome opportunities.
Apply Today
Maverick Advantage
Be bold, ambitious and set yourself apart for your future.
Tour the Campus
UTA offers early admission starting in your junior year.
A Community That Cares
We have programs, offices, and services available to you at any time.