College of Business - The University of Texas at Arlington
Sixty Years of Academic Excellence
We invite you to celebrate 60 years of innovation, excellence, and impact as we host several events and networking opportunities in 2025!
60th Anniversary
Where Mavericks Are Made
At The University of Texas at Arlington College of Business, our students take charge of their future, forging their own path to success on their Maverick journey.
Apply Now
Applying for admission is easy.
Undergraduate Advising
Discover and learn more about our undergraduate business programs.
Graduate Business Services
Discover and learn more about our graduate business programs.
Goolsby Leadership Academy
The Goolsby Leadership Academy at The University of Texas at Arlington was founded on the principle that people become great leaders when they discover, understand and apply their own talents. Tomorrow’s leaders will succeed not by fixating on weakness or imitating others, but by exploring and nurturing their distinctive strengths.
Learn More About Goolsby
Business Student Resources
Choosing UTA’s College of Business sets you up for success and places you in the center of a metroplex full of opportunities.
Learn More About BSR
Business Student Organizations
Student organizations are a fundamental part of the diverse and dynamic community that exists at UTA.
Discover Business Student Organizations
Deans Leadership Circle
The College of Business is committed to transforming the lives of our students through knowledge and the scholarships provided through the Dean’s Leadership Circle.
About DLC
Upcoming Events
See More Events
Featured News
10 April
Program Spotlight: Executive MBA
7 April
The UTA College of Business Will Offer Two New Bachelor’s in...
28 March
The UTA College of Business Women in Business Student...
27 March
UTA College of Business Office of Access and Achievement and...
25 March
Optimism helps students and professionals stay resilient...
The Business Maverick
Featured inside this issue: News & Nods / Cover Features: Inspire, Grow & Give / Distinguished Alum & Donor Profiles: Alumnus Peggy Esparza / Research Mavericks / Faculty Spotlight / Student Spotlight / Upcoming Events
View Online
View PDF
College of Business Rankings
The College of Business is robustly in the top 100 nationally and top 50 public business schools, recognized for its programs and faculty research contributions.
3
Business Schools with the Highest Percentage of Minority Students
Poets & Quants (2024)
TOP 100 / TOP 50 PUBLIC
Best Undergraduate B-schools In the United States
Poets & Quants (2024)
38
Part-Time MBA (Public)
U.S. News & World Report (2024)
See More Rankings
College of business Contacts
Administrative Directory
Undergraduate Advising
Graduate Advising
CAREER & INTERNSHIPS HUB
Student Suggestion
Request Student Information
Follow College of Business
College of Business Facebook
College of Business Instagram
College of Business Linked-In
College of Business Twitter
College of Business Youtube
Recognition