College of Engineering - The University of Texas at Arlington
For Prospective Students
Find My Major
Our comprehensive engineering program offers twelve undergraduate engineering degree programs. Explore your options.
Find Your Major
Schedule a Tour
Engineering Ambassadors offer tours of our facilities for individuals and for groups. Schedule your visit.
Schedule Your Visit
Request Information
Request information from the College of Engineering about beginning your adventure at UTA.
Prepare for Success
Our Departments
Our seven academic departments offer 9 Ph.D. programs, 13 master's programs, 11 undergraduate programs, and 9 minors.
See Our Seven Departments
Graduate Programs
Enhance your career prospects and deliver the knowledge and skills needed with a graduate degree.
Master's Programs
Ph.D. Programs
Certificate Programs
Certificates are offered in key areas desired by industry, and many of the courses can be completed online to accommodate your busy schedule.
Certificate Programs
Why UTA Engineering? Here's What Our Students Say:
Previous
Next
Electrical Engineering Major -
Meet Nazeeha
When I come to a tough task that I must accomplish at UTA, I look to good examples, break the task into steps, work hard to achieve it, consult others...
Read Nazeeha's Story
Bioengineering Major -
Meet Andrew
One thing I like about UTA is that it’s hard to be alone. Everyone’s trying to be your friend and you meet lots of people in classes and student...
Read Andrew's Story
Materials Science and Engineering Major -
Meet Kamal
UTA has given me a breadth of knowledge and research skills that have led to the publication of several articles and established a strong scientific...
Read Kamal's Story
Architectural Engineering Major -
Meet Zara
Engineering is very exciting because I can use science and innovative thinking to solve problems and collaboratively create designs for the benefit of...
Read Zara's Story
Civil Engineering Major -
Meet Yuan
Engineers utilize their skills and experiences to help society prosper. From drainage systems to skyscrapers, engineering is always helping people to...
Read Yuan's Story
Computer Science Major -
Meet Rajvi
I am one of the 1,000 Forbes Under 30 scholars around the world for 2019; the résumé I built at UTA was key to achieving this.
Read Rajvi's Story
Computer Science Major -
Meet Cody
I chose to come to UT Arlington because I felt that it was the best decision for me.
Read Cody's Story
Bioengineering and Mechanical Engineering Major -
Meet Jorge
UTA can help you achieve whatever you want to achieve. Take advantage of your opportunities early.
Read Jorge's Story
Bioengineering Major -
Meet Martin
I have been fascinated by how things work since I was a child. It amazes me that everything we touch is based on some type of engineering.
Read Martin's Story
Software Engineering Major -
Meet Kadjo
I like UTA because it's a very diverse campus and you get to know different personalities and cultures from around the world.
Read Kadjo's Story
Engineered for...
No matter who you are, where you're from, or what you want to do, UTA's College of Engineering has a place for you. You belong here, and you're free to pursue your interests, no matter what they are.
The College is the most comprehensive engineering program in North Texas, with 12 baccalaureate, 13 Master's and nine doctoral programs. Students from around the world work with award-winning faculty in state-of-the-art facilities,
acquiring the knowledge and skills they'll need to create viable solutions to the most pressing problems of today and the future.
Take control of your future
Gain the knowledge and experience you need for a successful career in engineering!
Apply for Admission
Request Information
Departments
Bioengineering
Civil Engineering
Computer Science & Engineering
Electrical Engineering
Industrial, Manufacturing, & Systems Engineering
Materials Science & Engineering
Mechanical & Aerospace Engineering
College of Engineering
634 Nedderman Hall
Box 19019
416 Yates Street
Arlington, TX 76019-0019
Follow on Social Media
Engineering facebook
Engineering Instagram
Engineering LinkedIn
Engineering Twitter
Engineering YouTube
College of Engineering
Phone:
817-272-2571