Contact Admissions - Admissions - The University of Texas at Arlington
Contact Admissions
Have Additional Questions?
Can’t find what you’re looking for or just want to talk to someone about all things admissions? We’ve got your back. Please select from one of the following options.
I Haven't Applied
I Have Applied
The Office of Admissions
The Dan Dipert University Welcome Center
Dallas Admissions Office — Go Center Location
The Office of Admissions
University Administration Building, Room 123
701 S. Nedderman Drive
Arlington, TX 76019
817-272-2090
Hours of Operation
Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Holiday Closures
Please refer to the
holiday schedule
for information on Office of Admissions closures.
The Dan Dipert University Welcome Center
If you would like to schedule a tour or have questions regarding an admissions event, please contact the Dan Dipert University Welcome Center.
580 S. Center Street.
Arlington, TX 76019
817-272-8687
Hours of Operation
Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Saturday 9 a.m to 2 p.m.
View Upcoming Events
Dallas Admissions Office — Go Center Location
Our Dallas Admissions Office can assist you with any questions about admissions and is a Go Center location. Please contact your Dallas County Admissions Counselor for more information.
1111 W. Mockingbird Ln. Ste. 1180 Dallas, TX 75247
Hours of Operation
Monday – Friday 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Dallas Admissions Counselors
Educators & Counselors
If you are interested in applying to UTA or have questions about admissions requirements, please contact your admissions counselor for your region.
Learn More About Counselor Resources
Outreach & Partnerships
Whether you’re in high school or community college – our outreach and partnerships programs foster academic advancement and career-ready leadership skills. UTA is committed to building bridges across the North Texas region.
Learn More About Outreach & Partnerships
Office of Admissions
Welcome
Apply
Visit
Events
Parents
Admitted Students
Contact Us
Connect with Admissions
Office of Admissions Facebook
Office of Admissions Instagram
Office of Admissions X
Office of Admissions YouTube
Find your Admissions Counselor
Find Your Maverick Factor!
If you are interested in applying to UTA or have questions about admissions requirements, please contact your admissions counselor for your region.
Find my Counselor