College of Liberal Arts - The University of Texas at Arlington
Welcome COLA Students!
The College of Liberal Arts
is a place where individual voices are valued and amplified
Visit our degree plans
Degree Plans
Alumni Interviews
Read CoLA Alumni Stories
Check out what's going on in Liberal Arts
Events
SEE YOURSELF IN LIBERAL ARTS AT UTA
Explore Our Programs
Fine & Performing Arts
Art + Art History, Music, Theatre and Dance
Fine & Performing Arts degrees and more
Humanities
English, History, Modern Languages, Philosophy and Humanities
Humanities degrees & more
Social Sciences
Communication, Criminology and Criminal Justice, Linguistics and TESOL, Political Science, Sociology and Anthropology, Military Science, Pre-Law, Disability Studies, Gender, and Women, and Sexuality Studies
Social Sciences degrees & more
MESSAGE FROM THE DEAN
Thank you for your interest in the College of Liberal Arts (CoLA) at the University of Texas at Arlington! Our college is one of the largest at UTA, covering Liberal Arts disciplines in three areas—Fine and Performing Arts, Humanities, and the Social Sciences. In each of our departments and programs students work closely with world-renowned faculty, contribute to cutting-edge research and creative activity, and generate new ways of understanding the world around us.
CoLA is the home of many “core” curriculum courses at UTA. Because these courses are at the heart of
every
undergraduate degree, our
award winning educators
enable all UTA students to build real-world skills in critical thinking, communication, and understanding culture and humanity across the globe. These skills are in high demand outside academia, as well.  Employers recognize the value our graduates bring to their teams and are ready to hire our alumni.
Students who want to dive more deeply into the Liberal Arts have a variety of
majors, minors, and certificates
to choose from. Often, our students pair more than one course of study to chart a unique path—a decision that puts them in a position of strength after graduation because they learn to see the world through many different lenses. Whether working in public service, private enterprise, or non-profits, or striking out on their own as entrepreneurs, our graduates go on to change the world. You can find our alumni working as policy advocates or product designers, as digital media content creators or technical writers, as artists or secret service agents. With CoLA, the future is yours to design!
Elizabeth Newman, Ph.D.
Dean, College of Liberal Arts
Meet our UTA CoLA Alumni
Previous
Next
UTA Alumni -
Hallee Turner
Adjunct Professor in the Department of Art and Art History at UTA / Masters of Fine Art in Intermedia
Learn About Hallee's Story
UTA Alumni -
Desiree McNelis
Bachelor of Arts in Sociology / Master of Arts in Sociology
Learn About Desiree's Story
UTA Alumni -
Chief Derick Miller
Adjunct Professor in the Department of Criminology and Criminal Justice at UTA / Bachelor and Master of Arts in Criminology and Criminal Justice
Learn About Chief Miller's Story
UTA Alumni -
Laura Wimmer
Bachelor of Arts in Art History
Learn About Laura's Story
UTA Alumni -
Nicholas Silvas
Bachelor of Arts in Criminology and Criminal Justice
Learn About Nicholas' Story
UTA Alumni -
Andrea Jenkins
Bachelor of Arts in Political Science / Bachelor of Arts in Sociology
Learn About Andrea's Story
UTA Alumni -
Catherine Celis
Bachelor of Arts in History / Minor in Law and Legal Studies / Minor in Disability Studies
Learn About Catherine's Story
Maverick Insights & Information
COLA BY THE NUMBERS
#6
Undergraduate diversity among national universities
U.S. News & World Report
Top 200
Universities for Native Americans
4,000
Students in CoLA
27
Undergraduate degrees
13
New programs added
Nearly 50,000
Number of alumni from CoLA dating back to 1962
Learn More About CoLA
Explore Our Degree Plans
Degree Plans
Upcoming COLA Events
All COLA Events
CoLA News
9 April
Art Educator and Artist Robert F. Hower Recognized for...
Robert F. Hower, Chair and Professor Emeritus of Art and Art History at the University of Texas at Arlington, has been celebrated for his...
4 April
Festival of Ideas celebrates UTA’s legacy and future
The annual free event showcases UTA's vibrant artistic community through eclectic student performances and presentations
19 March
UTA unveils 130th anniversary commemorative tartan
Rachel Chen, an art history major, designed the winning tartan pattern in the Student Tartan Design Competition.
7 March
Two alumni enter Military Science Hall of Honor
Jean Anne Panton Deakyne and Steven Kennedy were recognized for their service to UTA’s Army ROTC and distinguished military and civilian careers
27 February
UTA’s 29th Annual Powwow brings community together
Native American traditions, dance competitions and local vendors highlight the free event
21 February
Q&A: Luka, loss and the heartbreak of Mavericks fans
UTA lecturer Matt Tettleton, who studies sports and culture, unpacks the aftermath of the shocking trade and the swirling emotions of Mavs fans
Contact Us
Box 19617, Arlington, TX 76019
Phone: 817-272-3291
Connect With Us
CoLA X
CoLA Facebook
CoLA Instagram
CoLA LinkedIn
CoLA YouTube
College of Liberal Arts
CoLA Magazine 2022-2023
Alumni Relations
Giving
Request Info